severe pain, swelling, deformity, bruising, difficulty moving or using the affected area what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have crushing injury
i've had a high fever for the past few days, and it's starting to worry me. i don't know what's causing it. also, i have red spots all over my arms and legs, some of which are swollen. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i have seen rashes on my arms and neck and it itches if i scratch them. i've also had a high fever for a few days. i have no idea what is causing it. the itching is causing me a lot of discomforts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
lately i've been experiencing chills, fatigue, a cough, a high fever, and difficulty breathing. i've been sweating a lot and just feeling really sick and weak. i've also had some phlegm that's been really thick and dark. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i often feel the want to urinate and experience these intense desires. i often feel dizzy and confused. i also lost my sight. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
as i am overweight, i have noticed that my legs are swollen and the blood vessels are more visible than usual. the swelling seems to be getting worse over time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have been having low temperatures and bloody pee since some days now. my head hurts like crazy and pee also smells very foul. i have almost no control on my peeing and get very sudden urges what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
my throat often feels like it is burning, especially after eating. a bitter or sour aftertaste that i occasionally experience also makes me feel unwell. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've had a persistent headache for the past week, and it's been getting worse. it's been accompanied by belly aches, constipation and diarrhea. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have also been experiencing flu-like symptoms, such as fever and body pain. i have noticed red rashes and blistering sores near my nose and lips. it's itchy and uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
abnormal positioning of the urethral opening on the underside of the penis, penile curvature, spraying of urine, difficulty in urination what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypospadias
my mouth and throat are dry. additionally, i've been growing increasingly hungry. however, i do get periodic bouts of exhaustion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
back pain, a productive cough, and muscle weakness have been bothering me. i have issues with dizziness and uneven balance, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
fatigue, nausea, excessive thirst, kidney stones what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypercalcemia
recently, my calves have been cramping up frequently, especially when i am walking or standing for long periods of time. also, the veins are very noticeable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
my pee frequently has an odd smell and is either red or black, or both. the frequent changes in my body temperature usually keep me awake at night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
fever,sore throat,cough,conjunctivitis,rash,pink eye what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have adenovirus
my legs' skin around the veins is unusual. there appears to be a large bruise. nowadays, i get frequent cramps when i sprint or run. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've had back pain, a cough that won't go away, and limb weakness. i've been experiencing neck pain, instability, and balance concerns. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
my skin rash has extended to other areas of my body, including my chest and belly. it is irritating and unpleasant, and it is frequently worst at night. i'm also experiencing skin flaking. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i have been experiencing severe back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my limbs. my neck also hurts and i have been feeling dizzy and off balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
inability to conceive after one year of unprotected intercourse, irregular or absent menstrual cycles, hormonal imbalances, age-related factors, other what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have female infertility of unknown cause
i've been coughing a lot and feeling incredibly chilly and exhausted. i have a pretty high fever, and it's difficult for me to breathe. i've been perspiring a lot and generally feeling weak and ill. i've had some quite thick and black phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
intense itching, visible lice or nits in the affected area what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have parasitic infections
my back hurts, and i have rashes on my arms and armpits. the back of my eyeballs hurt a lot. i also have a mild fever, which is making us concerned about my health.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
heavy or prolonged menstrual periods, pelvic pain or pressure, frequent urination, difficulty emptying the bladder, constipation, backache, leg pain, enlarged abdomen or uterus, infertility or recurrent miscarriages (in some cases) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have uterine fibroids
i feel uneasiness after eating and usually vomit whatever i've eaten. i always have this pain in my abdomen and have really bad acid reflux what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have been experiencing itching, vomiting, fatigue, and weight loss. my fever is high and my skin has turned yellow. my urine is dark and i have been experiencing abdominal pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
pain in the lower back or side,nausea,vomiting,blood in the urine what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have kidney stones 
i frequently vomit and get discomfort at my pelvic area. my urine occasionally smells almost unbearably bad, and there is occasionally blood in it. because of my headaches at times, i have problems falling asleep. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
recently, the pain in my calves has been constant and becomes worse when i stand or walk for long periods of time. my legs have started to swell and also some blood vessels are quite noticeable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have been experiencing frequent headaches, blurred vision, excessive appetite, a sore neck, sadness, irritability, and digestive problems including indigestion and acid reflux. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i've been sneezing incessantly and i just can't get this chill to go away. i feel so weak and exhausted, and my cough won't stop. my temperature is really high. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
pain, swelling, bruising, difficulty walking what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have injury to the leg
i am starting to have rashes on my skin. the rash often bleeds when i scratch or rub it. moreover, i have noticed small dents in my nails. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. since my joints have grown, it's hard for me to walk without getting stiff. additionally, walking has been extremely uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
altered perception of reality, visual or auditory hallucinations, changes in sensory experiences, introspective thoughts, feelings of connection or disconnection, anxiety or paranoia (in some individuals), flashbacks (in some individuals) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hallucinogen use disorder
skipped or extra heartbeats, palpitations, lightheadedness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have premature ventricular contractions (pvcs)
i'm having a lot of trouble breathing and am really uneasy. i'm feeling unwell and am perspiring a lot. my chest hurts and i have a lot of mucus in my throat. my heart is racing, and the hue of the mucus i'm coughing up is off. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i have been suffering from back pain, a productive cough, and weakness in my limbs. my neck is sore and i have had issues with dizziness and balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
neck pain, stiffness, and abnormal head positioning what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have torticollis
fatigue, dizziness, fainting, chest pain or discomfort, shortness of breath, irregular heart rhythms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have heart block
excessive daytime sleepiness, sudden loss of muscle tone (cataplexy) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have narcolepsy
i'm having joint discomfort in my fingers, wrists, and knees. the pain is frequently aching and throbbing, and it worsens when i move my joints. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been feeling scratchy, sick, and worn out. i also had a high fever and lost weight. both my skin and my urine have become yellow. additional stomach pain that i've been having what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i'm having a lot of problems breathing. i'm not feeling good, and i'm sweating a lot. i have a lot of mucous in my throat and my chest hurts. my breathing is laboured, and the phlegm i'm coughing up has an odd tint. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
lump, swelling, difficulty, pain when swallowing and speaking, facial weakness, facial paralysis what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mucoepidermoid carcinoma
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have been swelling up and it's been hard to move around. walking has been really painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
eye redness, severe eye pain, blurred vision what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have scleritis
diarrhea,bloating,weight loss,fatigue,abdominal pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have celiac disease
fragile bones, loss of height over time, back pain, fractures what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have osteoporosis
the vomiting i've been having has been followed by stomach pains and dizziness. i've lost my appetite and as a result feel weak. my arms, back, neck pain most of the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
recurrent, disabling migraines what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic migraine
along with severe body itchiness, chills, and nausea, i've been experiencing. i've been severely perspiring and have a very high fever. i'm feeling queasy and also have a headache. really hurting muscles are me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i can't stop sneezing and my nose is really runny. i'm also really cold and tired all the time, and i've been coughing a lot. my fever is really high too, like way above normal. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've recently been suffering with chills, lethargy, a cough, a high temperature, and difficulties breathing. i've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. i've also had some quite thick and black phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i have red and inflammatory skin around my mouth, nose, and eyes. it is frequently irritating and unpleasant. recently, it has got very painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
for a few days now, i've been suffering from a headache and chest pain, but today the dizziness and lack of balance got considerably worse. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've been experiencing dizziness and shakiness, as well as a loss in my attention span and ability to concentrate. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
eye pain, redness, swelling, blurred vision, decreased vision, floaters (dark spots or cobwebs in the vision), increased sensitivity to light (photophobia), discharge from the eye, excessive tearing, fever what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have endophthalmitis
i've been experiencing severe body itchiness, along with chills and nausea. i've been perspiring a lot and have an extremely high fever. i feel sick to my stomach and have a headache. my muscles are hurting a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
my eyes are red and watery all the time. i've also had this pressure in my sinuses that won't go away. i'm always feeling tired and i've been having a lot of trouble breathing. i've also had a lot of gunk in my throat and my lymph nodes are swollen. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i often get aburning sensation in my throat while and especially after eating. sometimes this also leaves a sour or bitter taste in my mouth and i get nauseos beacuse of this what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have a high fever. there are red sores developing near my nose. the sores are painful and have yellow rust-colored ooze coming out from them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
my pee smells strongly and is cloudy in appearance. i've had high temperatures and a regular urge to urinate at night since these symptoms first materialised. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
both chest pain and extreme nausea are present. recently, my chest has been hurting. i frequently shiver a lot and am really anxious. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i've been experiencing a lot of bowel movement issues recently. it's difficult to go, and it hurts when i do. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's excruciatingly painful, and i'm quite uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i'm having a lot of trouble with my bowel movements lately. it's hard to go and it hurts when i do. my anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when i go. it's really painful and i'm really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
the muscle pain i have been experiencing is severe and feels like a constant ache. there are red spots all over my body and the itching is causing me a lot of discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
joint pain, fever, rash, heart inflammation what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic rheumatic fever
i have itching all over my body, and rashes in my chest and back. i get flaky skin from time to time and often this leaves marks on my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
vaginal bleeding, cramping, abdominal pain, nausea, fatigue, emotional distress what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have induced abortion
i always get a sour taste in my mouth, even when i don't have anything acidic in my stomach. i regularly have the hiccups and a knot in my throat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. since my joints have grownup, it's onerous on behalf of me to run while not obtaining stiff. in addition, walking has been extraordinarily uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
severe abdominal pain, tenderness, bloating, fever, nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, increased heart rate what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peritonitis
i am having a lot of trouble sleeping because of the high fever and the headache. moreover, i have constant belly pain, because of which i can't go to work. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high temperature have been plaguing me. besides having a headache, i'm also perspiring a lot. i've been suffering from severe muscle pain and nausea. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i've observed that my skin is more sensitive now than it used to be. my skin has a silvery film, especially on my back and elbows. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i have been experiencing symptoms such as a headache, chest pain, dizziness, loss of balance, and difficulty focusing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
pelvic pain, painful periods, infertility what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have endometriosis
headache, chest discomfort, dizziness, lack of balance, and difficulty concentrating are some of the symptoms i've been having. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
my eyes are always red and swollen, and i feel like there's something blocking my sinuses. i've been coughing up a lot of goo and my chest feels really heavy. i can't smell anything and my muscles are really sore what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have been experiencing a severe headache that is accompanied by pain behind my eyes. i have lost my apetite and experience chills every night.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i have had a fever for the last couple of days. now, i am starting to experience a severe pain in my stomach area and suffering from constipation. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
the prominent veins on my calves are causing self-consciousness and embarrassment. they are swollen and protrude from my skin, making them very noticeable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have been having pain in my bladder and have been getting  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
cough,mucus production,shortness of breath,chest pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchitis
my persistent cough, breathing problems, and exhaustion have been making things difficult for me. i've been producing copious amounts of thick, mucoid sputum while also having a high fever. i'm currently feeling fairly ill because everything has been so tiring and exhausting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i struggle to focus and have emotional swings. at times, my head seems cloudy and foggy, making it challenging for me to do even simple tasks. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i've been finding it incredibly difficult recently to use the restroom. i can only go sporadically because it hurts so much. my anus and the surrounding region are also quite painful. my anus feels really aggravated, and my stool has been extremely bloody. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i've been struggling to breathe, coughing constantly, and feeling worn out. i have a very high fever and have been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid saliva. i simply feel so worn out and exhausted from trying to deal with everything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have nasal congestion and a blocked nose. on occasion, during the night, i have stiffness and chest pain. additionally, i've lost my senses of taste and smell. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i am experiencing a lot of nausea and vomiting, and it's been quite difficult for me to eat anything. i've entirely lost my appetite, and as a result, i have become quite weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i'm feeling fatigued and have no energy. i can barely keep my eyes open during the day, and i've been feeling lethargic and unable to motivate myself. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
high levels of cholesterol in the blood, fatty deposits (xanthomas) on the skin or tendons, chest pain or angina, heart attacks, strokes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypercholesterolemia
palpitations, sweating, trembling, shortness of breath, fear of losing control, dizziness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have panic disorder
muscle wasting, fatigue, weakness, delayed wound healing, swelling of the limbs, hair loss, impaired immunity what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have protein deficiency
high blood pressure, increased need to urinate, swelling in the legs and ankles, fatigue, nausea, loss of appetite what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetic kidney disease
i have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, and headaches, as well as blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
mood swings, manic episodes, depressive episodes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bipolar disorder
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles lately and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. walking has been really painful too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
joint pain, stiffness, swelling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have osteoarthritis
even when i don't have anything acidic in my stomach, i constantly have a sour taste in my mouth. i frequently have a lump in my throat and the hiccups. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have developed diarrhea. it is accompanied by severe pain in my belly area. i don't feel like eating anything, and most of the time, i have a mild headache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
in addition to recurrent headaches and blurred vision, increased appetite, a stiff neck, sadness, irritability, and visual disturbance, i have been having stomach problems, including indigestion and acidity. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
dry mouth and eyes, fatigue, joint pain, dry skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have sjögren's syndrome
i'm feeling really tired and weak lately, and i've had this cough that just won't go away. my breathing has become shallow, and my fever has been really high. when i cough, i've been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i'm nauseous, ill, and shaky. i have a huge throat, which makes it tough for me to breathe. i occasionally have nighttime chest aches and occasional sickness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been sneezing a lot and feeling really tired and sick. there's also a lot of gross stuff coming out of my nose and my throat feels really scratchy. and my neck feels swollen too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i must admit that i have been having a high fever, a persistent cough, and shortness of breath. in addition, i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid saliva and i've been feeling really depleted and worn out. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i get wheezing and breathing difficulties, which are asthma symptoms. i frequently have headaches and fever. i'm continuously exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
difficulty breathing, rapid breathing, chest pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have atelectasis
enlarged, swollen veins, often in the legs what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. walking has been really painful too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
my joints are experiencing an unusual discomfort. additionally, i've experienced weird skin peeling in various places on my body. i'm concerned that something is wrong with my body.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i'm not in the mood to eat, and swallowing is difficult. i often have this lingering feeling of fullness even after little meals. my typical symptoms include heartburn, nausea, and throat tingling. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
shooting or burning pain, tingling or numbness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have neuropathic pain
i have lower abdominal ache and a bursting sensation when i urinate. since i began to experience these additional symptoms, i have also been experiencing low body temperatures. i've been weak as a result of this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
severe swelling of the floor of the mouth, fever, difficulty swallowing, drooling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ludwig's angina
impulsive behaviors (e.g., gambling, stealing), difficulty resisting urges what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impulse control disorder
back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. i've had trouble staying balanced and experiencing dizziness, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
belching and burping are common in me. i often get chest pain that radiates to the back of my neck, my jaw, and my arm. in my chest, there is pressure and stress. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've been encountering poor balance, a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. my ability to pay attention and focus has also been problematic. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i have been experiencing stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
sedation, drowsiness, slurred speech, confusion, respiratory depression what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug abuse (barbiturates)
all over my body, there has been a severe itching that has been followed by a red, bumpy rash. my skin also has a few darkened spots and a few tiny, nodular breakouts. it has been happening for several days and is becoming worse. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i've been quite itchy recently, and i have rashy patches all over my skin. there are also certain regions that are darker in colour than the rest of my skin, and i've got some firm lumps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
hello, mom and father recently, i've felt incredibly worn out and have had a cough that won't go away. my fever is really high, and my breathing has become shallow. additionally, i've been coughing up a lot of mucous, thick sputum. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
swelling of the scrotum what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hydrocele of the testicle
i'm suffering from intense itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. nausea and muscle pain have also been bothering me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
increased pressure in the eye that can damage the optic nerve,lead to vision loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have glaucoma
facial weakness or paralysis, drooping of the mouth or eyelid what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bell palsy
nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, general malaise, weakness, increased thirst, frequent urination what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ethylene glycol poisoning-1
i've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. i also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. my discomfort has also been brought on by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
my desire for sex has dropped, and i'm having trouble having sex. i frequently get brain fog, as well as feeling somewhat bewildered. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i have a pretty irritating itch all over my body, and my skin also has a few red, bumpy areas. i've also had some pimples that resemble small balls and other spots that are a different colour than the rest of my skin.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i've been exhausted and experiencing nausea and itching. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i've been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
on rare occasions, i pee with blood in it and have mild nausea. help! i also occasionally experience high nighttime temperatures and a dreadful urine odour. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
my muscles have been feeling really weak, and my neck has been extremely tight. i have swollen joints and find it difficult to move about without becoming stiff. it has also been really uncomfortable to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. i also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. my discomfort has also been brought on by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
nausea, vomiting, drowsiness, dizziness, confusion, seizures, changes in heart rate, low blood pressure, respiratory distress what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have poisoning due to antidepressants
severe pain in the side or back, blood in the urine, frequent urination what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have kidney stone
strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high temperature have been plaguing me. along with having a headache, i'm also perspiring a lot. i've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i have no energy and have lost my appetite. i'm feeling really sick and don't know what's wrong. also, there are small red spots starting to show on my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i have been suffering from acid reflux, indigestion, and frequent headaches, as well as distorted vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
this morning when i woke up, i discovered that i have an extremely bad rash all over my body. there are several pus-filled pimples and blackheads all around. my skin has also been moving around a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
painless lump or swelling, facial changes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have warthin tumor
frequent or constant dribbling of urine, inability to completely empty the bladder, weak urine stream what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have overflow incontinence
sometimes my skin starts to flake off from my rashes. i'm more prone to becoming sick as a result. on occasion, my hands begin to quiver and i begin to tremble. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
the pain in my calves is constant and becomes worse when i stand or walk for long periods of time. i am getting constant cramps and can't run for longer periods of time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
yellowish or white growth on the conjunctiva (eye's surface), usually near the cornea what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pinguecula
pain in the upper abdomen,indigestion,nausea,vomiting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease 
recently, my skin has been quite itchy, and i have a rash all over my body. my skin also has a few spots where the hue is altered and some lumps and knot-like pimples. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
fever,chills,sweating,headache,muscle aches,fatigue,vomiting,diarrhea what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. walking has been really painful too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i am experiencing too many cramps in the last couple of days. i think something is not right. i believe there is a small bruise on my calves, but i am not sure about it. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
joint pain, swelling, stiffness, limited range of motion, fever, rash what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have juvenile rheumatoid arthritis
my tongue also has a metallic aftertaste in addition to a change in taste and scent. occasionally get acute muscle and joint ache what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
in the last four days, i've experienced low temperatures and blood in my pee. my head hurts so much and my urine smells awful. the desires to urinate seldom come on cue, and i hardly ever have any control over when they do. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
red, scaly patches on the skin, itching what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i have raised lumps, a rash that looks red and inflamed, discoloured areas of skin that are different colours from the rest of my skin, and itching on my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
pain radiating from the lower back to the leg what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have sciatica
chronic diarrhea, weight loss, abdominal pain or bloating, nutrient deficiencies (vitamins, minerals), fatigue, failure to thrive what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have intestinal malabsorption
painful urination, abnormal discharge from the genitals, pelvic pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gonorrhea
i have a loss of appetite and difficulty swallowing. i often have this persistent feeling of fullness, even after eating small meals. i usually throw up and get heartburn and a tingling sensation in my throat what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've recently struggled with a really irritating skin rash. there are blackheads and pus-filled pimples all over it. additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
the fatigue i have been feeling is extreme and makes it difficult for me to perform even basic tasks. i feel vomitting and developed rashes on my arms, neck and legs.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've been having a lot of trouble keeping hydrated because of the vomiting and diarrhea. there is a mild fever along with constipation and headache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
my eyes are usually red and inflamed, and i have the impression that something is clogging my sinuses. i've been coughing up a lot of gunk, and my chest hurts. i can't smell anything, and my muscles are aching. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been getting frequent headaches and hazy vision, as well as acid reflux and indigestion after meals. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
persistent consumption of non-food substances what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pica
i've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. since my joints have grownup, it's heavy on behalf of american state to run whereas not getting stiff. additionally, walking has been very uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
excessively concentrated urine, low blood sodium levels what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have syndrome of inappropriate secretion of adh (siadh)
i've been losing weight and experiencing severe itching, nausea, and exhaustion. my skin has become yellow, and i have a severe fever. i have dark urine, and i've been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
extreme fatigue, cognitive difficulties, unrefreshing sleep what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic fatigue syndrome
i've recently been suffering from constipation and digestive discomfort. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's excruciatingly painful, and i'm quite uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i frequently sneeze, and my nose runs. i constantly cough, and my eyes are sore and watery. my head hurts all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
my sex desire has decreased, and i'm finding it harder to function sexually. i regularly have brain fog and feel quite dizzy and disoriented. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
together with increased hunger, a sore neck, anxiety, irritation, and visual distortion, i've also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, frequent headaches, and impaired eyesight. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
inflammation of the glans penis (tip of the penis), redness, swelling, pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have balanitis
i have little red spots all over my body that i don't understand. it worries me. i have lost my appetite and every night, i am exhausted and have a severe headache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
severe and chronic pain, often in the limbs, with associated swelling, changes in skin color or temperature, abnormal sweating, limited range of motion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have complex regional pain syndrome
there are red swollen spots all over my body. it itches if i touch them. moreover, i also have a high fever and headache and always feel exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
my stomach only feels worse when i stoop or recline. after eating particular meals, such as spicy or acidic cuisine, i have discomfort. this occasionally causes me to have loose stools. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
redness, itching, rash, blistering what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dermatitis due to sun exposure
i have a chronic bad breath and a sour taste in my mouth, it sometimes gets difficult to swallow food because of this tingling sensation in my throat what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
itchy,red,inflamed skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have atopic dermatitis
along with distorted eyesight, excessive appetite, a painful neck, anxiety, irritability, and regular headaches, i have also been battling acid reflux, indigestion, and regular headaches. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
growth deficiencies, facial abnormalities, developmental delays, intellectual disability what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fetal alcohol syndrome
my legs have been causing a lot of discomforts when i exercise. they feel heavy and swollen, and the veins are prominent and painful. i feel fatigued all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
small red sores appeared near my nose and neck at first. i now have a high temperature, and the sores have gotten more painful and inflamed in recent days. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have been experiencing severe itching, vomiting, fatigue, and weight loss. my fever is high and my skin has turned yellow. my urine is dark and i have been experiencing abdominal pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have a really high fever, and i have problems breathing. my heart is racing quite quickly, i'm perspiring a lot, and i feel chilly and exhausted. i'm also about to cough out some brownish phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
along with my intense scratching, chills, nausea, and high fever, i've also been feeling really unwell. along with my headache and excessive sweating, my muscles hurt a lot, and i feel queasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
intense scratching, chills, nausea, and a high temperature have been plaguing me. i also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i've been terrible with nausea and soreness in my muscles. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
sudden, brief muscle contractions or jerks, often affecting the arms, legs, or face what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have myoclonus
slurred speech, impaired coordination, confusion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have alcohol intoxication
i have been having trouble with my vision, seeing things as distorted and experiencing visual disturbances. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
shoulder pain, weakness or loss of strength, limited range of motion, shoulder stiffness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have rotator cuff injury
i'm having a lot of trouble with my bowel movements lately. it's hard to go and it hurts when i do. my anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when i go. it's really painful and i'm really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i've been experiencing intense itchiness, nausea, and exhaustion. i also had a high fever and lost weight. both my skin and my urine have become yellow. additionally, my stomach hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
abdominal pain (often in the upper right quadrant), jaundice, dark urine, pale stools, nausea, vomiting, endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ercp) with stone removal, sphincterotomy, cholecystectomy what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have choledocholithiasis
my spirits have been incredibly low, and my pee smells awful. my kidney region hurts a lot, and i can't seem to hold my urine in. i get these unreasonable urges all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
it's incredibly difficult for me to use the restroom, and when i do, it hurts a lot. my stools have been bloody, and my butt has been hurting. my anus has also been quite itching and aggravated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
my rashes occasionally cause my skin to peel off. i'm more susceptible to illnesses as a result. i start to tremble sometimes, and my hands start to shake. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i've been itchy and have been throwing up. along with losing weight, i'm also really exhausted. my skin has turned yellow, and my fever is high. my stomach has also been hurting recently. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have a dry mouth and throat. i also have been experiencing an increased appetite and hunger. however i do feel very tired at times what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
abdominal pain or discomfort, difficulty swallowing, choking or gagging, drooling, nausea or vomiting, loss of appetite, chest pain or pressure, respiratory distress, coughing or wheezing, gastrointestinal bleeding, bowel obstruction, perforation of the digestive tract what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have foreign body in the gastrointestinal tract
nausea, vomiting, early satiety, bloating, abdominal pain, poor appetite what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroparesis
i am starting to develop tiny red spots all over my face and neck area, and it itches when i touch them. the itching is making my day very uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i keep sneezing, and my eyes don't quit dripping. it's incredibly difficult for me to breathe because it feels like there is something trapped in my throat. i often feel exhausted, and lately, i've had a lot of phlegm. moreover, my lymph nodes are enlarged. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
my eyes are usually red and runny, and my nose is always stuffy. i've also been having difficulty breathing and my chest hurts. in addition, i can't smell anything and my muscles are quite painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been constipated and it's really hard to go to the bathroom. when i do go, it hurts and my stool has been bloody. i've also been having some pain in my butt and my anus has been really itchy and irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
swelling, pain, redness, fever, pus formation what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have abscess
my neck is swollen, and i'm exhausted. my throat is scratchy, and my eyes are burning red. my nose is really clogged, and i am experiencing facial pressure. my chest hurts, and i'm unable to smell anything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
fatigue, abdominal pain, joint pain, memory loss or cognitive difficulties, developmental delays (in children), anemia what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lead poisoning
i have heartburn and indigestion. i regularly vomit everything i eat, and food gets stuck in my throat, making it difficult for me to swallow. i have a pain in my upper abdomen. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i woke up this morning to find that i had a major rash all over my body. it's covered in pus-filled pimples and blackheads, and my skin has been scurrying a lot what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have been experiencing intense itching, vomiting, and fatigue. i have also lost weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have been having abdominal pain as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i instantly experienced a headache, chest pain, and dizziness while working out. since then, it has been challenging for me to keep my balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i'm drenched with sweat and struggling to breathe. i don't feel well and have a lot of mucous in my throat. my chest aches, and my heart is racing. i'm coughing up mucus that is crimson in colour. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i woke up this morning with a headache and chest pain, and as the day has gone on, i've also been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've been having a lot of respiratory issues lately along with chills, exhaustion, a cough, and a high temperature. i've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. my chest aches, and my heart has been racing rapidly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
absence or undescended testicle(s), empty scrotum, smaller or underdeveloped testicle(s), inguinal hernia, abnormal positioning of the testicle(s) (higher in the groin area) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cryptorchidism
i've been losing my appetite and having trouble swallowing. my nose has been running, and i have a sore throat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been struggling with a really nasty rash on my skin lately. it's covered in blackheads and pimples that are packed with pus. my skin has also been really scurrying. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have been suffering from back pain, a dry cough, and a lack of strength in my muscles. my neck is sore and i have been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
along with a chest pain and dizziness, i've had a headache that seems like a sharp pain in my forehead. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
as a result of my regular vomiting, i've lost my appetite. my muscles, joints and back constantly hurt. i am starting to have fever too. i am really worried and not sure what to do. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
my veins of legs have become more visible and swollen than normal. they are visible through my skin and it hurts when i move. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've been really itchy lately and there are these rashy spots all over my skin. there are also some areas that don't look like the normal color of my skin, and i've had some bumps that are kind of hard what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
bulge in the wall of the aorta,the largest artery in the body what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have aortic aneurysm
fever,cough,shortness of breath,chest pain,fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i developed a minor rash near my nose a few days ago. now, the rash is accompanied by a burning sensation and redness of the skin. i feel it is some kind of an infection. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have been experiencing acid reflux and difficulty digesting my food, along with regular headaches and impaired vision what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
fatigue, abdominal swelling or pain, enlarged liver, elevated liver enzymes, insulin resistance what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have nonalcoholic liver disease (nash)
i have put on a lot of weight and am now very obese. i have different urges and different appetites. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i have developed rashes on my body. i am also experiencing high fever along with chills and headache. my joints and back hurt and there is a strange pain in the back of my eyes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i regularly vomit and get pelvic pain. there is occasionally blood in my pee, and it occasionally has an absolutely intolerable odour. i occasionally have trouble falling asleep because of my migraines. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i regularly feel sick after eating and puke up the entire meal. i constantly get horrible acid reflux agony and stomach discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
memory loss,confusion,difficulty thinking,changes in personality or behavior what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have alzheimer's disease
i have a plugged nose and nasal congestion. i occasionally have stiffness and chest discomfort at night. i've also lost my ability to taste and smell. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been coughing a lot and finding it difficult to breathe. my throat hurts and i feel like i have a lot of phlegm trapped in my chest. my nose has been running a lot, and i've been feeling really congested. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been dealing with a really nasty rash on my skin lately. it's covered in blackheads and pimples that are packed with pus. my skin has also been really scurrying. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i'm dizzy, nauseated, and shaky. i'm having trouble breathing since my throat is swollen. on occasion, throughout the night, my chest hurts and i feel sick. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been struggling with back pain, a chronic cough, and limb weakness. i've been feeling disoriented and weak on my feet, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i am experiencing extreme belly pain and constipation. every night, i have a severe fever along with chills and headaches. the last couple of days has been really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
shoulder pain, swelling, limited range of motion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fracture of the shoulder
i have been struggling with back pain, a productive cough, and weakness in my muscles. my neck is sore and i have had problems with dizziness and unsteady balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i discovered that i had a significant rash all over my body this morning. blackheads and pus-filled pimples are proliferating, and my skin has been scurrying a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
abnormal vaginal bleeding outside of the menstrual period, unpredictable bleeding episodes, bleeding after sexual intercourse, bleeding after menopause, spotting or light bleeding between periods, prolonged or heavy bleeding what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have idiopathic nonmenstrual bleeding
lately i have been experiencing muscle weakness, a stiff neck, swelling joints, and stiffness after i attempt to move around. it is also been very painful to steer. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
cough, shortness of breath, wheezing, chest pain, fever, night sweats, fatigue, weight loss, elevated eosinophil count in the blood or sputum what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pulmonary eosinophilia
swelling, severe pain, inability to bear weight what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dislocation of the ankle
lately i've been experiencing a skin rash with a lot of pus-filled pimples and blackheads. my skin has also been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
headache, fever, confusion, seizures, neurological symptoms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have encephalitis
i've been experiencing a lot of bowel movement issues recently. it's difficult to go, and it hurts when i do. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's excruciatingly painful, and i'm quite uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i occasionally urinate with blood in it and occasionally feel queasy while doing so. help! i also occasionally get high temps at night and have a terrible odour coming from my pee. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i have pain in my abdomen, and often get feverish. i have sudden and strong urges to pee. the pain is almost constant, and often increases at night time. my pee almost always has a foul smell what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
my pee smells strongly and seems cloudy. i've had fevers and frequent overnight urination needs ever since these symptoms began. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
my skin is itching and swollen. sometimes, they could flake. my lips and cheeks swelling aches a lot. the puffing occasionally gives me headaches and runny eyes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i have a cough that has continued for days, and i feel really weak and tired. my fever is high, and my breath has become strained. when i cough, i also generate a lot of mucus. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
a nasty rash has just appeared on my skin. blackheads and pimples packed with pus are everywhere. additionally, my skin has been extremely sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
heartburn, acid reflux, chest pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd)
my nose feels quite clogged, and my eyes are constantly very red and runny. in addition, my chest hurts and i've been having a lot of breathing problems. in addition, my muscles feel quite painful, and i can't smell anything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
joint pain, stiffness, swelling, reduced range of motion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have osteochondrosis
in addition to sleepiness, i've been having trouble breathing due to a persistent cough. i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a high fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i've been experiencing severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. i feel nauseous and my muscles are really sore what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i routinely experience heartburn and indigestion, particularly after consuming spicy or fatty foods. when i lean forward or lie down, my chest discomfort becomes worse. my chest hurts a lot as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
joint pain, stiffness, swelling, fatigue, loss of appetite what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have rheumatoid arthritis
the nausea i have been feeling is accompanied by a loss of appetite and feeling of unease. there is a distinct pain in my back and muscles pain too.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
swollen, itchy, or painful veins in the rectal area what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hemorrhoids
cough,mucus production,shortness of breath,chest pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchitis
my entire body itches, and i have rashes on my back and chest. sometimes my skin might be dry and flaky, which often results in body stains. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
my pee has a strong odour and a hazy look. since these symptoms started, i've had high temperatures and frequent nighttime urges to urinate. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
this morning, i realized that i had a major rash all over my body. there are lots of pimples filled with pus and blackheads everywhere, and my skin has been scurrying a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
frequent episodes of stone formation what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have recurrent salivary stones
recently, i've been having a lot of difficulty using the restroom. when i do, it hurts a lot, and i've noticed some blood in my stool. around my anus, i've also been experiencing some discomfort and itching. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
my bowel movements have become constipated and diarrheal. i often feel quite tired and lack both energy and appetite. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
my emotions change, and i have difficulties focusing. at times, my mind might be cloudy and hazy, making it challenging for me to do even simple tasks. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
shortness of breath, cough, wheezing, fatigue, chest discomfort or tightness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pulmonary congestion
breast lump, changes in breast size or shape, nipple changes, breast pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have breast cancer
cough that does not go away,fever,night sweats,weight loss,fatigue,chest pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have tuberculosis (tb)
i have trouble breathing, especially outside. i start to feel hot and start to sweat. i frequently have urinary tract infections and yeast infections. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
chronic autoimmune disease that can affect any part of the body what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lupus
i've had chills, lethargy, a cough, a high temperature, and difficulties breathing lately. i've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. i've also had some quite thick and black phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
along with a high fever, i've had chills, vomiting, and severe itching. besides having a headache, i'm also perspiring a lot. i've been terrible with nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i have a persistent cough and have been feeling quite fatigued. my fever is through the roof, and i'm having trouble breathing. when i cough, i also cough up a lot of mucous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
fever, headache, body aches, rash what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have west nile virus
i am having some diarrhea and constipation, which has been quite concerning. in my stomach, there is a severe, painful ache. i'm constantly exhausted and don't feel like eating anything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i've been experiencing balance issues in addition to feeling disoriented and dizzy. my headache has also been present nonstop. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
strong itchiness and nausea have been bothering me. i have also lost weight and am really exhausted. i have a high fever, and my skin is becoming yellow. in addition to feeling stomach ache, my pee is black. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have a dry cough that never stops. i have palpitations and my infections don't appear to be getting better. sometimes my throat hurts, but it seems to get better. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i have trouble breathing and get short of breath. i have a dry, hacking cough, itchy eyes, and swelling all over my face and body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
painless fluid-filled swelling in the oral cavity what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mucocele
i've been coughing a lot recently with chest pain and feeling incredibly chilly and exhausted. additionally, my heart is thumping rapidly, and the phlegm i cough up has a reddish hue. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i have been experiencing intense back pain, a dry cough, and a lack of strength in my limbs. my neck hurts and i have been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i have a skin rash that's red and inflamed, and it's spreading all over my body. i've been experiencing intense itching, especially on my arms and legs. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've been feeling really ill lately. i've had this persistent cough and difficulty breathing, and my fever has been off the charts. i'm also feeling extremely exhausted, and i've been producing a lot of mucus when i cough. it's just been so overwhelming to deal with all of these symptoms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, headaches, and blurred and distorted vision, as well as excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
my throat frequently feels like it is burning, especially after eating. additionally, i occasionally get a sour or bitter aftertaste, which causes me to feel queasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
the stomach discomfort has been severe and frequent. vomiting and constipation have also happened. i'm concerned about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
high blood pressure during pregnancy what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pregnancy-induced hypertension
especially after eating, my throat frequently feels scorching. i occasionally get a bitter or sour aftertaste that makes me feel sick. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have been experiencing severe back pain, a cough that comes and goes, and weakness in my limbs. my neck also hurts and i have been feeling dizzy and off balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
fatigue, jaundice, abdominal swelling (ascites), easy bruising and bleeding, confusion, loss of appetite, weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cirrhosis
back discomfort, a breathing difficulty, and weakness in my limbs have been hurting me. i have issues with vertigo and losing my balance, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
facial pain or pressure, nasal congestion, thick nasal discharge, post-nasal drip, cough, headache, fatigue, fever (in some cases) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acute sinusitis
i no longer want to have sex, and it's difficult for me to do so. i regularly have brain fog and a sense of confusion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i've been struggling with fatigue and a constant cough that's been making it difficult to breathe. my fever is high, and i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i've been experiencing a lot of scratching, chills, vomiting, and a fever. i also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i've been terrible with nausea and soreness in my muscles. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
pain, swelling, bruising, deformity, difficulty moving, loss of function what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fracture
in addition to experiencing a change in taste and fragrance, i also have a metallic aftertaste in my tongue. occasionally get excruciating joint and muscular pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
lump,unexplained weight loss,fatigue,changes in bowel,bladder habits,persistent cough,indigestion,unexplained bleeding or discharge what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cancer
extreme itchiness, nausea, and fatigue have been troubling me. in moreover, i experienced a fever and lost weight. my pee is black, and i've developed a yellow rash. the ache in my stomach is also present. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
memory loss,confusion,difficulty thinking,changes in personality or behavior what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have alzheimer's disease
i've been sneezing nonstop and i can't seem to shake this chill. i'm feeling really weak and tired, and my cough won't go away. my fever is really high what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
high blood sugar levels during pregnancy what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gestational diabetes
i often feel like food is getting caught in my throat and have problems swallowing. i feel bloated and frequently belch. i constantly have a bitter aftertaste. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i've been having frequent, strong, sudden urges to urinate. i occasionally urinate with blood in it, and the stench is horrible. what ought i to do if i think i'm infected? what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
my muscles have been really weak, and my neck has been extremely stiff. my joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to walk about without feeling stiff. walking has also been really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
gradual loss of peripheral vision, tunnel vision what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have open-angle glaucoma
i regularly experience these intense urges and the want to urinate. i frequently feel drowsy and lost. i've also significantly lost my vision. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i feel queasy, sick, and wobbly. my throat is enlarged and making it difficult for me to breathe. my chest occasionally pains all through the night, and i occasionally feel ill. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
pain typically, a coughing cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been plaguing me. in addition, my neck hurts, and i've having trouble staying balanced and without getting woozy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i've had a high fever, chills, and intense itching. in addition, i have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i've been in a lot of agony from muscle ache and nausea. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
fatigue, abdominal pain or swelling, jaundice, neurological symptoms (tremors, difficulty speaking or walking) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have wilson disease
i've had severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i'm also sweating excessively and have a headache. nausea and muscle pain have also been causing me a lot of discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
fatigue,shortness of breath,pale skin,lightheadedness,dizziness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anemia
high blood pressure without proteinuria (preeclampsia) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gestational hypertension
i've been quite exhausted and ill. i'm sneezing nonstop and am quite cold. my head is throbbing, and i lack energy. additionally, i have a very high fever and feel like i am on fire. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have been experiencing digestive issues, including acidity and indigestion, as well as regular headaches and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i can't seem to catch my breath and i'm sweating a lot. i feel really sick and have a lot of phlegm in my throat. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. the mucus i'm coughing up is yellowish. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i frequently have indigestion and heartburn, especially after eating spicy or fatty foods. my chest hurts when i lean forward or while i'm lying down. additionally, my chest hurts a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have to constantly to go the bathroom to relieve myself, but cant seem to empty my bladder. i get these very strong and uncontrollable urges to pee and sometimes get dark or bloody pee what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
easy bruising, prolonged bleeding after injury or surgery, excessive bleeding from minor cuts or abrasions, frequent nosebleeds, heavy menstrual bleeding what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have coagulation (bleeding) disorder
my skin is red and scratchy. these can occasionally flake. my cheeks and lips swell, which is really annoying. i occasionally have headaches and runny eyes because to the puffing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
obsessive focus on "clean" eating, healthy food choices what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have orthorexia nervosa
condition in which the heart cannot pump blood as well as it should what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have heart failure
i have been suffering from itching, vomiting, and fatigue. i have also lost weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been experiencing abdominal pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
constipation, discomfort with bowel motions, and anus pain have all recently been bothering me. my anus has been quite inflamed, and my stool has been extremely bloody. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i can't get to sleep or remain asleep because i have a stomach pain. i get exhausted after using the bathroom and stop being hungry. i worry a lot of the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i've felt terribly weak and drained, and i've also had a cough that that won't go away. my fever has been exceptionally high, and it has been challenging to try to catch my breath. i've been creating a lot of mucous when i cough. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
sudden, intense urge to urinate followed by involuntary urine leakage what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urge incontinence
enlarged thyroid gland in the neck, swelling or visible protrusion, difficulty swallowing or breathing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have goiter
i've been exhausted and experiencing nausea and itching. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i've been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i'm having problems breathing and have a very high fever. i'm perspiring a lot and experiencing extreme fatigue and chilly. my heart is racing, and i'm coughing up some brownish mucus. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
frequent urinary tract infections, urinary urgency or frequency, bedwetting (in children), high blood pressure (in severe cases) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vesicoureteral reflux
i have a high fever, chills, and severe itching. in addition, i have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. i've also been bothered by nausea and muscular ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
skin sores, fever, weight loss, enlarged spleen or liver what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have leishmaniasis
lack of menstrual periods what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have idiopathic absence of menstruation
sexually transmitted infection that can cause blisters on the genitals,mouth,other parts of the body what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have herpes
i've had a persistent stomach pain for the past week, and it is not healing even with medication. i feel like vomiting and can't eat anything, and because of which i have become extremely weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i've got a high fever and can't seem to catch my breath. i've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. i've also had some quite thick and black phlegm. my chest aches, and my heart has been racing rapidly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i've been suffering visual disruptions, seeing things as distorted, and eyesight problems. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
symptoms that do not meet the full criteria for a specific eating disorder what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have other specified feeding or eating disorder (osfed)
ear pain, hearing loss, recurrent ear infections what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic otitis media
i've recently developed a terrible rash on my skin. it's riddled with blackheads and pus-filled pimples. my skin has also been scurrying about. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i feel very nauseous and have chest pain. recently i have been experiencing chest pain. i feel very uneasy and often sweat profusely what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i've been itchy and throwing up. in addition, i have lost weight and feel really exhausted. my skin has become yellow and i have a severe temperature. i have abdominal ache and black urine. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
difficulty seeing objects up close, blurred vision when focusing on near objects what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hyperopia
i have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. i also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. additionally hurting me have been nausea and muscle soreness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
along with a chronic cough and limb weakness, i've been dealing with excruciating back discomfort. i've been experiencing neck pain as well as vertigo and instability. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i have been experiencing back pain that is worse when i sit or stand for a long time. also, there are rashes all over my body. there is a pain behind my eyes too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
headaches, nausea, seizures, changes in coordination or balance what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ependymoma
severe abdominal or back pain, blood in urine, frequent urination, pain during urination what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary stones (kidney stones)
i've been constipated and it's really hard to go to the bathroom. when i do go, it hurts and my stool has been bloody. i've also been having some pain in my butt and my anus has been really itchy and irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
recently, my muscles have felt quite weak, and my neck has been really tight. i have swollen joints and find it difficult to move about without becoming stiff. it has also been really uncomfortable to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
especially after eating, my throat regularly feels like it is burning. i also occasionally get a bitter or sour aftertaste, which makes me feel sick. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have a persistent sour taste in my mouth, even when i haven't eaten anything acidic. i get frequent hiccups and a feeling of lump in my throat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've been experiencing severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i'm also sweating excessively and have a headache. nausea and muscle pain have also been causing me discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
my rashes occasionally cause my skin to start to fall off. i'm more likely to get ill as a result. my hands occasionally start to tremble, and i start to shake. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i have a burning sensation in my upper abdomen, ofetn between or at night. i have heartburn and indigestion and often feel very nauseous what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i've been grumpy and gloomy lately, and i've also noticed a change in my vision. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i frequently get swallowing issues and the sensation that food is getting stuck in my throat. i regularly belch and feel bloated. my aftertaste is unpleasant all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have developed rashes on my body that are itchy and. i have lost my appetite and feel very tired all day. i feel something is wrong with my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've experienced severe itching, chills, nausea, and a high fever. besides having a headache, i'm also perspiring a lot. i've been terrible with nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
flank pain, urinary frequency, swelling in the abdomen what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hydronephrosis
throbbing headache what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have headache after lumbar puncture
abdominal pain, high blood pressure, kidney cysts what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have polycystic kidney disease
abdominal pain, bloating, changes in bowel movements what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diverticulosis
compulsive use of opioids, strong desire or cravings for opioids, inability to control or reduce opioid use, withdrawal symptoms (such as nausea, muscle aches, anxiety) when attempting to stop or reduce use, tolerance to opioids, continued use despite negative consequences (such as legal issues, health problems) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have opioid use disorder
painless lump or swelling, facial changes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pleomorphic adenoma
i have been feeling lightheaded and unsteady on my feet, and have also noticed a decline in my ability to focus and concentrate. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
painful blisters on the skin and mucous membranes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pemphigus
pain,swelling,inflammation in bursa,which is small sac of fluid that cushions joints what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bursitis
i recently experienced a severe skin rash. blackheads and pimples filled with pus are clogging it. additionally, my skin has been quite irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have been getting blood in my pee. sometimes i get nauseous while peeing. this often almost coincides with me having a high temperature what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i'm having trouble breathing and am really uncomfortable. i'm sweating profusely and have a lot of mucus in my throat. my chest aches, and my heart is racing. i'm coughing up dark mucous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
elevated intraocular pressure without optic nerve damage what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ocular hypertension
i've been quite exhausted and ill. i have been sneezing a lot and am having trouble warming up. i'm so exhausted, and my head hurts. and i feel like i am boiling over with my high temperature. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i always get a tickle in my throat and feel fatigued. my skin has begun to feel dry as well. i have ocular edema on occasion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
the abdominal pain has been frequent and really painful. constipation and vomiting have also occurred. i'm quite worried about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
blood is in my pee, and i have a low body temperature. i have practically continual headaches and often strong, uncontrollable need to urinate. in addition, i've started having lower back pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
blurred vision, halos around lights, eye pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pigmentary glaucoma
my lymph nodes are swollen, causing discomfort in my neck and armpits. i don't know what's causing it. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i occasionally have trouble swallowing food because of the tingling in my throat, terrible breath, and bad taste in my mouth. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
severe headaches, nausea, sensitivity to light and sound what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
fever,cough,shortness of breath,chest pain,fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
there are small red spots all over my body that i can't explain. the bumps are itchy and uncomfortable and seem to spread rapidly. it's worrying me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
severe headache, nausea or vomiting, changes in vision, loss of consciousness, seizures what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have intracranial hemorrhage
pain,numbness,tingling in the arms or legs what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peripheral artery disease
my skin has been really itchy lately, and it occasionally erupts into a rash. in addition, i have a few odd areas of skin that are a different coloration from the rest of me, and occasionally i develop little bumps that look  like nodules. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
small lump or swelling in the vaginal wall, discomfort or pain during intercourse what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vaginal cyst
vaginal dryness, vaginal burning, frequent urination, urinary tract infections, painful intercourse what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have atrophic vaginitis
my bowel motions have been really difficult for me recently. going is difficult, and it aches when i do. when i go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. i'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i've been finding it challenging to use the restroom. going has been quite difficult, and it aches when i do. when i go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. i'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
a rash has developed around my nose and lips, with huge red lesions that are painful and emit a yellow rust-colored fluid. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
physical dependence on alcohol,tolerance to alcohol,withdrawal symptoms,impaired judgment,memory problems,liver damage,heart disease,cancer what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have alcoholism
along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, headaches, indigestion, and acid reflux, i've also been experiencing sadness, impatience, and visual distortion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
my skin rash is giving me a lot of pain and discomfort. it's red and swollen, and it's spreading throughout my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've been experiencing a lot of problems with my bowel motions recently. it's difficult to go, and it hurts when i do. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's excruciatingly painful, and i'm quite uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
the veins on my legs cause a lot of discomforts when i sit for long periods of time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've been feeling really weak and cold lately, and this cough won't go away. it hurts in my chest when i cough, and my heart is pounding. the mucus i'm bringing up is a rusty brown color. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
severe pain, swelling, bruising, difficulty straightening or bending the knee, deformity what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fracture of the patella
i awoke this morning to see that i had a horrible rash all over my skin. there are several blackheads and pimples loaded with pus. my skin has also been scurrying about. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
my hunger and appetite are persistent and ravenous. periodically, my stomach may cramp and spasm. after eating, i have bloating and gas, which makes me quite uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
hyperthyroidism,which is an overactive thyroid what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have graves' disease
all over my body, i've been scratching so much that my skin has become red and developed pimples. additionally, i occasionally get these nodules that resemble little pimples, as well as these strange patches that are a different hue from the rest of my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
all over my body has been itching like crazy, and now there are red areas all over. additionally, some of the patches have a different tone than my natural skin. and on my skin, there are these lumps or pimples that have developed. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i am overweight and have noticed that my legs are swollen and the blood vessels are visible. my legs have swollen and i can see a stream of swollen veins on my calves. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i am experiencing changes in my menstrual cycle and unexpected vaginal discharge. i often get mood swings and feel agitated from time to time what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
widespread musculoskeletal pain, fatigue, sleep disturbances what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fibromyalgia
i keep sneezing, and i'm miserable and exhausted. i have a lot of gunky things in my nose and throat, and my throat is really hurting. my neck also feels puffy and swollen. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
my genital skin is red and irritated. it is frequently irritating, burning, and unpleasant. there are also rashes in various places of the body. also, i have a strange pain in my joints. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. walking has been really painful too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i periodically find it challenging to swallow food due to the tingling in my throat, bad breath, and bad taste in my mouth. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
persistent depressive symptoms (low mood, lack of interest, changes in sleep and appetite), lasting for at least two years what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dysthymic disorder
constipation and soreness with bowel motions have been bothering me lately. when i go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. i'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i'm experiencing extreme body pain, headache and vomiting. i've developed red spots that covers my entire body and causes severe itching. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
stomach acid, indigestion, frequent headaches, hazy and distorted vision, increased appetite, stiff neck, depression, irritation, and visual distortion have all been bothering me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
fatigue, pale skin, frequent infections, shortness of breath, rapid or irregular heartbeats, prolonged bleeding or bruising what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have aplastic anemia
confusion, forgetfulness, personality changes, tremors what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hepatic encephalopathy
i am having a high fever. i've had a skin rash on my face, neck and arms. the rash is made up of burning red lesions. i'm concerned about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
gait disturbances, urinary incontinence, cognitive decline or dementia-like symptoms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have normal pressure hydrocephalus
chest pain, shortness of breath, palpitations what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have panic attack
i suffer migraines and headaches, and i've been having trouble falling asleep. my whole body has been trembling and shivering. at times, i have dizziness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i've been having a lot of trouble going to the bathroom lately. it's really painful when i do, and there's been some blood in my stool. i've also been having some pain and irritation around my anus. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
rash, itching, redness, peeling skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection of the skin
when i woke up this morning, i saw a terrible rash on my skin. blackheads and pus-filled pimples are all over the place. additionally, my skin has been shifting a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i've had intense itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i'm also sweating excessively and have a headache. nausea and muscle pain have also been bothering me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i have been experiencing severe joint pain that is making my day very difficult. i feel like vomiting all the time and have a mild headache too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i have been feeling disoriented and dizzy, and have also had trouble keeping my balance. my headache has been a constant presence as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've had a scratchy stomach and been throwing up. aside from losing weight, i am also really exhausted. i have a high fever and yellow skin. besides having stomach ache, my pee is black. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have abdominal pain and it gets only worse if i bend over or lie down. i feel discomfort when i eat certain foods such as spicy or acidic food. sometimes i get loose stools because of this what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
sunburn-like rash, redness, itching what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dermatitis due to sun exposure
i have been feeling extremely tired and fatigued, and i have no energy to do anything. i have developed rashes on my neck, which itch upon touching.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
my skin has changed from being less sensitive to being more sensitive. my skin has a silvery coating, especially on my back, elbows and knees. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been dealing with a bad cough, breathing issues, and drowsiness. i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a high fever. all of this has been really exhausting and exhausting, and right now i'm feeling rather ill. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
my is pee is dark and often bloody and often has a very unfathomable smell. i have been having temperature fluctuations pretty frequently and often am not able to sleep at night because of this what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i have stomach cramps, nausea and diarrhea. my throat is swollen, and i have difficulty breathing. sometimes at night night i get chest pain and nauseous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
chronic back pain and stiffness, especially in the morning or after periods of inactivity, limited range of motion in the spine, fatigue, inflammation and pain in other joints (such as hips, shoulders, knees), discomfort or pain in the neck, difficulty maintaining proper posture, tenderness or swelling in affected areas, tingling or numbness in extremities in severe cases what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have spondylitis
my whole body is paining a lot and i don’t feel like eating anything. i have mild fever and get chills every night. also, there are some red spots developing on my back and neck. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
my skin rash gets worse in the winter when the air is dry. to keep my skin moisturized, i have to moisturize more regularly and use humidifiers. i am also facing joint pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
the sores around my nose are now surrounded by red, inflamed skin. the rash has caused my skin to become dry and flaky, with a visible yellow colored fluid coming out of the sores. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
excessive tearing, eye discharge, recurrent eye infections what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have stenosis of the tear duct
there are rashes on my skin, which itch if i touch them. i don’t feel good as my joints pain whole day. at night, i have mild fever and get chills, because of which i can’t sleep too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
the skin on my palms and soles is thickened and has deep cracks. these cracks are painful and bleed easily. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
fatigue, weakness, pale skin, shortness of breath what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anemia
i have difficulty breathing especially during physical activity. i have unusual sweating and flushing. i frequently get yeast infections what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
seizures what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have epilepsy 
nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, liver or kidney damage, dizziness, confusion, respiratory distress what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have poisoning due to analgesics
there is a silver like dusting on my skin. moreover, the skin on my arms and back are starting to peel off. this is strange and really concerning me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
chest pain, difficulty breathing, tenderness or swelling over the ribcage what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fracture of the rib
i've been experiencing intense itching all over my skin, and it's driving me crazy. i also have a rash that's red and inflamed. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i feel really fatigued and weak, and i have a bad cough. my fever is really high, and my breathing has become shallow. when i cough, a lot of saliva comes out as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i just developed a really nasty rash on my skin. there are tons of blackheads and pimples that are filled with pus. my skin has also been really scurrying. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have a lot of difficulty breathing. i don't feel well, and i'm perspiring a lot. my chest hurts, and i have a lot of mucus in my throat. i'm having trouble breathing, and the phlegm i'm coughing up has a strange hue. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
my body has been itching terribly all over, and there are now red spots everywhere. some of the patches also differ in tone from my natural complexion. and there are these lumps or pimples that have appeared on my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
doctor , from couple of days i am not able to brethe propelry , lying on bed due to high fever , lot of mucus gets out . please suggest me some medicines. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have noticed that the blood vessels in my legs are getting more noticeable than usual. it is a little concerning to me. moreover, i am experiencing cramps every day. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've been having trouble going to the restroom recently. when i try to go, it's really uncomfortable, and my anus hurts a lot. i've also had some blood in my stool, and my anus has been really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i have experienced difficulty sleeping due to the itching and discomfort caused by the rash. there are small dents in my nails, which is really concerning. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i have been urinating with blood in it. i occasionally feel queasy when urinating. i frequently almost have a fever at the same time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
recently, i've been suffering neck muscle weakness and stiffness. my joints have enlarged and it is difficult for me to walk without feeling stiff. walking has also been excruciatingly uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
in addition to feeling dizzy and lightheaded, i've been having problems keeping my equilibrium. my capacity to concentrate and focus has also been slipping, i've noticed. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
fever,headache,stiff neck,nausea,vomiting,sensitivity to light what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bacterial meningitis 
pain in the upper abdomen,indigestion,nausea,vomiting,weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have stomach cancer
my arms, face and back are all red and irritated. it is frequently irritating and unpleasant. my nails have a strange inflammation and have developed small dents. i have never seen anything like this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
particularly in the crevices of my skin, i have skin rashes and irritations. my skin bruises and cuts take a while to heal as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i have been experiencing chills and shivering. there is a strong pain in my back and also behind my eyes. i have also noticed small red spots on my back and neck.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
muscle stiffness, tremors, involuntary movements what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have extrapyramidal effect of drugs
shortness of breath, wheezing, chronic cough, chest tightness, fatigue, weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have emphysema
extreme itchiness, nausea, and exhaustion have been bothering me. in addition, i developed a fever and lost weight. my pee is black, and i've developed a yellow rash. the ache in my stomach is also present. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have been experiencing chills and fever, along with severe abdominal pain. i've been feeling really miserable overall, and i just can't seem to shake these symptoms. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
the veins on my legs are very noticeable and cause me discomfort. it seems like there is a major bruise and i get cramps when i run. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
cough that does not go away,shortness of breath,chest pain,unexplained weight loss,fatigue,blood in the sputum what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lung cancer
the veins on my legs are causing a lot of discomforts when i sit for long periods of time. they are swollen and protruding from my skin, making them painful and noticeable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
various symptoms depending on the specific disorder, including hormonal imbalances what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pituitary disorder
i am starting to have rashes on my arms and neck. the rash often bleeds and hurts when i scratch it. i have also developed small dents in my nails, which is very strange. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
doctor, my skin is covered in a very uncomfortable rash, along with some odd patches of a different hue. my skin also has a few pimples that resemble little knots what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
floaters (spots or cobweb-like shapes in vision), flashes of light, curtain-like shadow over vision, sudden vision loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have retinal detachment
pain in the upper right abdomen,nausea,vomiting,fever what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gallstones
i constantly have a dry cough. my infections don't seem to be healing, and i have palpitations. my throat hurts occasionally, but it does appear to get better. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
since i've been constipated, using the restroom has been quite challenging. when i do go, it aches and i've had blood in my stool. my anus has been quite itchy and irritating, and i've also been experiencing some discomfort in my butt. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i have been feeling fine all day, but suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness while out for a run. it's been hard for me to maintain my balance since then what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've had a mild fever for the past few days, and it's starting to worry me. the fever has been accompanied by a severe headache. i feel weak and lethargic. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
the cramps in my calves have been making it difficult for me to walk and do my daily activities. they come on suddenly and last for several minutes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
doctor, my skin is covered in an uncomfortable rash and has a few odd patches of skin that are a different colour. there are a few pimples on my skin that resemble little knots. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i can't quit sneezing, and my nose is running. i'm also constantly chilly and exhausted, and i've been coughing a lot. my fever is also really high, well above usual. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i get blood in my pee sometimes and sometimes get nauseous whie peeing. i also have a bad smell in my pee and sometimes get high temperatures at nights, help me what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've been experiencing problems using the restroom recently. it's quite difficult for me to go, and it hurts when i do. i've also been experiencing buttock soreness and bloody stools. my anus has also been quite itching and sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
rash,fever,headache,muscle aches,fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chickenpox
i can't seem to catch my breath and i'm sweating a lot. i feel really sick and have a lot of phlegm in my throat. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. the mucus i'm coughing up is brownish and stringy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
the rash on my face has become more painful and inflamed over the past few days, and the sores are beginning to weep clear fluid. it is getting extremely painful with each day. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
sudden and severe abdominal or pelvic pain on one side, sharp or stabbing pain, nausea, vomiting, fever, rapid heartbeat, abdominal tenderness, bloating, swelling, pain during intercourse, abnormal bleeding or spotting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ovarian torsion
there are rashes around my nose, with large red sores. i noticed that the rash was spreading to other parts of my body. also, i have a high fever every night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
disturbance in eating behavior that can lead to serious health problems what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have eating disorder
it feels like food or acid is backing up in my throat. my chest discomfort only becomes worse while i'm lying down. after eating, i frequently have heartburn or indigestion and throw up. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've had a rash that won't go away and a bothersome itching on my skin. in addition, i've seen some color-different areas and bumps that resemble knots or lumps on my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
change in bowel habits,such as diarrhea,constipation,narrowing of the stool,blood in the stool,abdominal pain,unexplained weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have colorectal cancer
the veins in my legs are causing discomfort and difficulty sleeping at night. i have no idea why it is happening. i get cramps when i sprint. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
my muscles have been feeling really weak, and my neck has been extremely tight. my joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to move. it has hurt a lot to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've had a nagging cough that won't go away, and my breathing has become labored. my fever is also very high, and i'm feeling very weak and tired. i've been producing a lot of mucus when i cough what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
sudden weakness,numbness on one side of the body,difficulty speaking,confusion,trouble seeing in one eye,severe headache what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have stroke
pain,stiffness,swelling,inflammation in the joints what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've been having this constant itch and there are these red and bumpy spots on my skin. there are also some patches that are a different color than the rest of my skin, and i've had some bumps that are kind of like little lumps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
my neck has been so tense, and i've been feeling like my muscles are incredibly weak. i have trouble moving since my joints have enlarged. to walk has been quite painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've been having a lot of trouble sleeping because of the high fever, headache and chills. i wake up every day having a terrible pain in my belly area. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i regularly wake up with a scratchy voice or a sore throat. my throat is constantly irritated, and i have horrible breath. i frequently throw up. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
the fatigue has been really uncomfortable, and i've had a lot of difficulties doing my usual activities. i've also been feeling really depressed and irritable. there is mild pain in the abdominal part too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i've been experiencing severe muscular weakness, and my neck has been really stiff. i have swollen joints and find it difficult to move about without becoming stiff. it has also been really uncomfortable to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
fatigue,shortness of breath,swelling,high blood pressure,changes in urination what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic kidney disease
there are small red spots all over my body that i can't explain. it's worrying me. i feel extremely tired and experience a mild fever every night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i have swollen red lymph nodes on my arms and legs that itch when i touch them. i'm also suffering from a terrible headache and a mild fever. i don't feel like eating anything and have lost my appetite. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
when i have a temperature, i feel pretty nauseous and lightheaded. my heart is pounding, and my mind is absolutely foggy. everything feels a little hazy to me, and i'm having difficulties thinking clearly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
doctor due to a high fever, i haven't been able to breathe via my nose or mouth for a few days and feeling too tired.sometimes mucus has been seen too.please recommend some medications for me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
small, rough growths on the skin or mucous membranes, typically painless, may appear in clusters or as single lesions what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have viral warts
i have been having severe itching and vomiting. i am also very tired and have lost weight. my fever is high and my skin has turned yellow. my urine is dark and i have been experiencing abdominal pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i feel queasy, nauseous, and dizzy. i have a swelling throat and am having breathing issues. i occasionally have chest discomfort and nausea at night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
my muscles have been feeling really weak, and my neck has been extremely tight. i've been experiencing a lot of stiffness when i walk about and my joints have been swollen. walking has also been really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've been feeling really sick with a high fever, shortness of breath, sweating, chills, and extreme fatigue. my heart rate is rapid, and i've been coughing up a lot of brownish sputum. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i have small lymph nodes on my arms and face. the itching is making my day very uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've been constipated and it's really hard to go to the bathroom. when i do go, it hurts and my stool has been bloody. i've also been having some pain in my butt and my anus has been really itchy and irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i have a metallic taste in my mouth, and also have a sense of change of taste and smell. sometimes get very unbearable joint pain and muscle pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
bone pain, fractures, fatigue, unexplained weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bone cancer
i frequently have heartburn and indigestion, particularly after consuming spicy or fatty foods. when i lie down or stoop over, my chest discomfort worsens. my chest hurts quite a bit too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've been experiencing balance issues, chest pain, headaches, and pains. i've been having trouble focusing as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
back pain, a hacking cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. in addition, my neck hurts, and i've having trouble staying balanced and without getting lightheaded. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
my skin rash is causing me a great deal of pain. there are also small red spots developing near my neck. since yesterday, i have had a severe fever, headache and fatigue. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
abdominal pain, bloating, heartburn, nausea, acidic taste what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have indigestion
my nails are slightly dented. even my joints are now experiencing excruciating discomfort. my skin has a silver-like powder, especially on my back and elbows.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've had a high fever, chills, and intense itching. in addition, i have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i've been suffering from nausea as well as muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
painful urination,burning,frequent urination,urgency to urinate,blood in the urine what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection (uti)
i have a high fever along with a severe headache. the fever is accompanied by extreme body pain and chills. i am worried about my health and don’t know what to do. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
my skin has merely developed an uninherited rash. it has a lot of pus-filled pimples and blackheads. furthermore, my skin has been quite sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
there are now red blotches all over my body where i have been itching horribly all over. a few of the patches also differ in complexion from my natural skin. and these lumps or bumps have developed on my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i have a chronic dry cough. i have palpitations and my infections don't appear to be getting better. i also have a painful throat issue, although it does seem to go away. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
vaginal bleeding, painless bleeding in the third trimester what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have placenta previa
the itch, the nausea, and the weariness have been bothering me. in addition, i developed a fever and lost weight. my pee is black, and i've developed a yellow rash. additionally, i've had stomach ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
excessive body weight, increased risk of chronic conditions what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have obesity
weakness, numbness, tingling in limbs what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (cidp)
the rash on my legs is spreading and becoming more severe. it is red, inflamed, and itchy, causing a lot of discomfort and difficulty sleeping at night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've been having intermittent coughing fits, significant back pain, and limb weakness. i've been experiencing neck pain as well as a dizzy and unsteady sensation. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
my cough and cold have been awful for days. my sinuses are congested, and my face is under strain. additionally, i've been coughing up phlegm, and it hurts in my chest. i have no sense of smell, and my muscles hurt a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have been experiencing muscle pain that makes it difficult for me to move around. i have lost my apetite and feel vomiting. my legs and back pain a lot.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
the blood vessels on my legs are quite visible and give me a lot of pain. they're large and protrude from my skin. it is unusual and i am worried about it. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
sudden weakness,numbness on one side of the body,confusion,difficulty speaking,trouble seeing in one eye,severe headache what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have stroke
lately i've been experiencing constipation and pain during bowel movements. my anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when i go. it's really painful and i'm really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. i also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i'm queasy, and my muscles hurt a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i get frequent urges to urinate at night with little output, and a lot of pain during urination. the urine is coludy and bloody and sometime foul smelling, and i get nauseous what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
my skin is irritated and inflamed. sometimes, they can flake. my lips and cheeks expand, and it is really unpleasant. because of the puffing, i occasionally have headaches and wet eyes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been suffering from severe back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs. i've been experiencing issues with vertigo and balance issues, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
my mouth is filled with a sour, acidic flavour. i have frequent belching and burping. my upper abdomen has felt pressed in or full for the past few hours. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i've been struggling with a persistent cough, breathing issues, and exhaustion. i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a high fever. all of this has been really tiring and exhausting, and right now i'm feeling rather ill. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
lower back pain, leg pain, numbness or tingling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have sciatica
persistent head pain, tension in neck and shoulders what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic headache
i get a sour taste in my mouth all the time, even when there is nothing acidic in my stomach. i often get the hiccups and have a lump in my throat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i am experiencing constipation and stomach ache, which has been really difficult. the discomfort has gotten worse, and it is seriously interfering with my everyday life. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. in addition, i've been perspiring a lot and have a headache. i've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i often wake up with a sore throat or a scratchy voice. my throat hurts constantly, and i also have poor breath. i also frequently burp. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i'm dripping with perspiration and can't seem to catch my breath. my throat is filled with a lot of phlegm, and i feel awful. my heart is pounding, and my chest aches. i'm coughing up a stringy, brownish mucous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
my skin has recently been severely rashy. blackheads and pus-filled pimples have blocked it. my skin has been quite delicate as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
raised,rough growths on the skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have warts
i've been suffering from a high fever for the past few days. sores are forming around my nose and there are rashes on different parts of my body. the sores are severe, and i'm feeling really uneasy these days. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
the sores on my face are beginning to weep clear fluid. also, every night i get a high fever and chills, because of which i cannot sleep all night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i've been dealing with a really nasty rash on my skin lately. it's covered in blackheads and pimples that are packed with pus. my skin has also been really scurrying. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
my pee looks cloudy and has storng and foul smell. i frequently get an urge to urinate at night, and have been getting high temperatures since these symptoms strted showing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i have been feeling fine all day, but suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness while out for a walk. it's been hard for me to focus and concentrate since then. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
jaw pain or tenderness, clicking or popping sounds in the jaw joint, difficulty chewing or opening the mouth what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have temporomandibular joint disorder
backache, a difficulty breathing, and limb weakness have been bothering me. i have balance and dizzy concerns, and my neck suffers. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
fatigue, shortness of breath, heart palpitations what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mitral valve disease
i've been having a lot of trouble going to the bathroom lately. it's been really painful and i've been experiencing pain in my anus. my stool has also been bloody and my anus has been really irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
lately, i've been having stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles. since my joints have matured, it is difficult for the american state to operate without becoming stiff. furthermore, walking has been quite painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've been quite exhausted and ill. my throat has been quite painful, and i've had a fairly nasty cough. i've got a lot of chills and a pretty high temperature. just feeling extremely run down and weak what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i've been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have mood changes and have difficulty concentrating. my mind feels hazy and foggy at times and it gets difficult to do even regular chores what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i'm drenched with sweat and can't seem to catch my breath. my throat is clogged with mucus, and i'm miserable. my heart is racing, and my chest aches. i'm coughing up a brownish stringy mucus. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
my skin has developed rashes, mainly near the nose. the rash is spreading to other parts of my body. i am really about worried about this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i noticed blood in my urinating. i occasionally feel sick after urinating. i frequently feel as though i have a fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
excessive hair growth in women what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hirsutism
growth on the conjunctiva (white part of the eye) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pterygium
i am experiencing skin rashes with burning sores. the blistering sores are fluid-filled, elevated, red colored lesions that are unpleasant to touch. i also have a high fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i lose weight unintentionally and find it challenging to acquire weight. i use antacids to ease the pain and discomfort i experience. my mouth feels horrible. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
my stomach hurts, and i frequently acquire a temperature. i experience sudden, intense cravings to urinate. the discomfort is virtually always there and frequently gets worse at night. my pee nearly always smells bad. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
my bloody stools have caused me to lose iron and bloos, among other things. i now have anaemia from this, and i generally feel quite weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have asthma like symptoms like wheezing and difficulty breathing. i often get fever and have headaches. i feel tired all the time what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been having a lot of difficulty breathing, and i feel like i'm constantly nauseous. i also have mild belly pain. it's been terrifying at times. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
wheezing,shortness of breath,coughing,chest tightness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have asthma
i have headaches and migraines, and i have been having difficulties sleeping. i've been shaking and shivering all over. sometimes i become lightheaded. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
a skin rash with several pus-filled pimples and blackheads has been bothering me lately. additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
intense joint pain, swelling, redness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gout
i've been having breathing issues, a persistent cough, and exhaustion. i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a very high fever. i'm just feeling so exhausted and tired from having to cope with all of this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
my nose is extremely runny, and i can't seem to stop sneezing. in addition, i constantly feel cold, exhausted, and i've been coughing a lot. my fever is also really high far above normal. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
pain, swelling, bruising, deformity, restricted range of motion, difficulty gripping or using the finger what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have injury to the finger
my vision is foggy, and it appears to be growing worse. i feel exhausted and worn out all the time. i also have severe dizziness and lightheadedness on occasion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
facial pain or pressure, nasal congestion, thick nasal discharge, postnasal drip, cough, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic sinusitis
lump in the neck,hoarseness,fatigue,weight loss,unexplained heat intolerance,sensitivity to cold what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have thyroid cancer
i have been suffering from back pain, a chronic cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. my neck hurts and i have been feeling dizzy and off balance what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i have been suffering from acid reflux, indigestion, and regular headaches, as well as distorted vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
recurrent episodes of wheezing, shortness of breath, chest tightness, coughing, especially at night or in response to triggers such as allergens or exercise what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have asthma
when i first experienced a headache, chest pain, and lightheadedness, i was out shopping. since then, it has been difficult for me to concentrate on my work. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
excessive worry,fear,anxiety that interfere with daily life what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anxiety disorder
small, painful blisters on the lips or around the mouth what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cold sore
muscle weakness or fatigue, irregular heartbeat or palpitations, numbness or tingling, nausea or vomiting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hyperkalemia
i'm worried about this rash on my skin. it's spreading rapidly and causing a lot of discomforts. i can hardly sleep at night because of the itching, what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've had a persistent cough for days, and i also have breathing problems. i'm so weak and exhausted, and my fever is through the roof. it's been very difficult to manage all of these symptoms, and i've also been coughing up a lot of mucus. i'm becoming so angry over everything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i've been suffering from severe constipation lately, and whenever i do go to the restroom, it hurts a lot. aside from that, my anus has been really itchy, and i've observed some blood in my stool. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i have been dealing with back pain, a cough that won't go away, and weakness in my arms and legs. my neck hurts and i have had problems with dizziness and maintaining my balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
persistent sore throat, difficulty swallowing, voice changes, ear pain, neck mass, weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have head and neck cancer
i have a sluggish wound and reduced healing rate. my hands and feet are both numb and have this tingling sensation. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
sharp or aching pain in the lower abdomen or groin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have round ligament pain
i'm feeling really lightheaded and dizzy when i have a temperature. my mind is completely muddled, and my heart is racing. i find it difficult to think clearly, and everything seems quite hazy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
along with distorted eyesight, excessive appetite, a painful neck, melancholy, irritability, and regular headaches, i have also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, and regular headaches. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, depression, impatience, and visual disturbance, i've also been having indigestion, headaches, blurred vision, and acid reflux. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
my emotions fluctuate, and it's hard for me to concentrate. my mind can be foggy and foggy at times, making it difficult for me to perform even simple chores. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
there is a distinct pain in my abdominal part. i am not sure what it is. i am also going through constant vomiting and feel nauseous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
elevated intraocular pressure, visual field loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have exfoliation glaucoma
severe upper abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, fever, rapid pulse, swollen and tender abdomen, jaundice what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acute pancreatitis
i'm having a hard time breathing and i feel really uncomfortable. i'm sweating a lot and there's a lot of phlegm in my throat. my chest hurts and my heart is beating fast. the mucus i'm coughing up is brownish. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
when i awoke this morning, i realised that i had a severe rash all over my body. there are many pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over the place. my skin has also been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
fever,cough,shortness of breath,chest pain,fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
increased blood sugar levels, increased ketone production, excessive thirst, frequent urination, fatigue, confusion, fruity breath odor what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hyperosmotic hyperketotic state
i have a feeling of food or acid backing up into my throat. i chest pain which gets worse if i lie down. i get frequent heartburn or indigestion, after eating food and vomit it out what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
over the last two days, the rash on my face has gotten more severe and inflamed, and the blisters have begun to bleed clear pus. it is really painful to deal with. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
swollen lymph nodes, fever, fatigue, headache, rash what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cat scratch disease
my skin is extremely sensitive and quickly irritated by changes in temperature or humidity. my nails have developed dents on them. i am worried about this sudden change. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
excessive worrying, restlessness, increased heart rate, panic attacks what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anxiety
irregular periods, excessive hair growth, acne, weight gain, ovarian cysts what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have polycystic ovarian syndrome
i have been feeling really fatigued and weak, and i can't seem to get rid of it. i have a mild fever and a strange pain in my abdominal area. i can't understand what is happening. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
constipation has made it quite difficult for me to use the restroom. my stool has been bloody when i do go, and it hurts. in addition, my anus has been quite itchy and inflamed, and i've been experiencing some butt soreness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i've had low temps and blood in my urine for the past three days. my pee smells terrible, and my head hurts so much. urinary urges seldom occur on cue, and i almost never have any control over when they do. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
red, raw, or inflamed skin in skin folds (such as armpits or groin), itching or burning sensation what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have intertrigo
i've had nausea, vomiting, and exhaustion. additionally, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is black and my skin has turned yellow. i've also been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i am suffering from extreme fever and weakness. i have developed sores on my face. the sores itchy and uncomfortable. often, a yellow colored ooze comes out of the sores. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
back pain, a lingering cough, and muscle weakness have been bothering me. i have issues with dizziness and losing my equilibrium, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
my skin is swollen and itchy. they may occasionally flake. it hurts a lot when my cheeks and lips swell. i occasionally get headaches and watery eyes from the puffing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
along with losing my appetite, i've been having swallowing issues. i have a sore throat, and my nose has been running. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i have rashes in my chest and back and itch all over my body. i occasionally have flaky skin, which frequently creates markings on my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
swollen, red, tender gums, bleeding gums what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gum disease
i've been having a really hard time going to the bathroom lately. it's really painful when i try to go and my anus hurts a lot. there's also been some blood in my stool and my anus has been really itchy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i have breathing problems, especially when i'm outside. i'm suddenly flushed and perspiring. i experience yeast infections and urinary tract infections rather regularly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i can't stop coughing and i feel really cold. my sinuses are all blocked and i have a lot of mucus. my chest hurts and i can't smell anything. my muscles are also really sore. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i'm running a temperature and can't seem to catch my breath. i've been sweating tremendously and feeling overall unwell and weak. i've also had some thick, black phlegm. my heart has been beating frantically, and my chest hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i am having severe stomach discomfort and diarrhoea. i have a high fever along with a headache. the previous several days have been really unpleasant. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
blurred or hazy vision, eye pain or discomfort, redness or irritation of the eye, excessive tearing, sensitivity to light (photophobia), foreign body sensation, dryness or excessive tearing, corneal abrasions or ulcers, distorted or irregular corneal shape, vision loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have corneal disorder
i have constipation and belly pain, and it's been really uncomfortable. the belly pain has been getting worse and is starting to affect my daily life. moreover, i get chills every night, followed by a mild fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i've been experiencing muscular weakness and stiffness in my neck recently. my joints have swollen, creating it troublesome on behalf of me to run regarding while not changing into stiff. walking has additionally been agonizingly uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i have been experiencing a skin rash on my arms, legs, and torso for the past few weeks. it is red, itchy, and covered in dry, scaly patches. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've had a rash on my skin that looks like dischromic patches, and i also have a lot of nodular eruptions and really bad itching. during the previous week, it has become worse. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i get breathing issues and wheezing, which are asthma symptoms. i regularly have fevers and headaches. i'm always worn out. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i hace difficulty in breething and shortness of breath. i cough uncontrollably and get itchy eyes and swelling on my face and other body parts what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i can't stop coughing and i'm freezing. my sinuses are completely blocked, and i'm inundated with mucous. my chest hurts, and i'm unable to smell anything. my muscles are also really achy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
in addition to having excruciating back pain, i've also been coughing up mucus and feeling weak all over. i've been feeling lightheaded and unstable on my feet, and my neck hurts as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i occasionally urinate with blood in it and feel a little queasy. help! i also occasionally get horrible pee odours and excessive overnight temps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i am facing severe joint pain and vomitting. i have developed a skin rash that covers my entire body and is accompanied by intense itching.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
my skin is peeling in places, especially on my knees, elbows, and arms. this peeling is often accompanied by a painful or burning sensation. i am also developing small dents on my nails, which is really concerning. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
painful lump or swelling on the eyelid, redness, tenderness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cyst of the eyelid
ear pain, hearing loss, ear drainage, dizziness or vertigo, tinnitus what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cholesteatoma
i have rashes on my back and chest, and my entire body itches. my skin may be dry and flaky at times, which frequently leaves body marks. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
pain,swelling,stiffness in the joints what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have rheumatoid arthritis
i've been having diarrhoea and loose, watery stools many times a day. i've lost my appetite and am always sick. i'm also developing a mild fever. also, my abdominal part pains a lot. i don't know what the reason behind all of these is. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
my fever is really high, and i'm having trouble catching my breath. i'm sweating a lot, feeling cold and tired, and my heart is beating really fast. i also have some brownish phlegm coming up. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i've been struggling with severe back pain, a dry cough, and limb weakness. i've been feeling lightheaded and wobbly on my feet, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i have been feeling hungry all the time and have had a sore neck, as well as problems with my vision. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i suffer migraines and headaches, and i've been having trouble falling asleep. my muscles have been trembling and twitching. i sometimes feel dizzy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i have been experiencing intense itching, vomiting, and fatigue. i have also lost weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have been having abdominal pain as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
recently, i've been experiencing a lot of acne breakouts with pimples that contain pus. i've also been struggling with blackheads. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
itchy, red rash caused by contact with irritants or allergens what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have contact dermatitis
i've been struggling with difficulty breathing, a constant cough, and fatigue. my fever is extremely high, and i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum. it's been so hard to deal with all of this, and i'm just feeling so drained and worn out what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
my lower abdomen hurts, and when i urinate, it feels like it's exploding. i've been having low body temps ever since i started having these new symptoms. because of this, i've been weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i feel fatigued all the time, and have a tingling sensation in my throat. i have also developed flaky skin. sometimes i get puffy eyes and sometimes puffs up too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've recently been experiencing a severe skin rash. blackheads and pimples packed with pus are everywhere. additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have a plugged nose and nasal congestion. i occasionally have stiffness and chest discomfort during the night. i've also lost my ability to smell and taste. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
widespread pain,fatigue,tenderness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fibromyalgia
my muscles are quite weak, and my neck has been very stiff. my joints have swollen, creating it troublesome on behalf of me to steer concerning while not feeling stiff. walking has conjointly been very uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
a rash that appears to be developing throughout my skin has been accompanying my recent bouts of intense itching and discomfort. on my skin, i also have some dischromic spots and little lumps that seem to be appearing everywhere. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
easy bruising, prolonged bleeding from cuts, petechiae (red or purple spots on the skin), nosebleeds, excessive menstrual bleeding what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have thrombocytopenia
i've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i have been experiencing stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
vertigo, hearing loss, tinnitus, ear fullness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have meniere disease
i have developed a skin rash that covers my entire body and is accompanied by intense itching. my body pains and i have a mild fever, acompanied with headache and chills. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've been feeling really tired and sick. i've been sneezing a lot and i can't seem to get warm. i'm so tired and my head is killing me. and my fever is really high, like i'm boiling. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i feel my muscles trembling and shaking. i feel worn out and my senses of taste and smell have diminished. sometimes i have palpitations or a quick heartbeat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
my bowel motions have been really difficult for me recently. going is difficult, and it aches when i do. when i go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. i'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
my neck has been extremely tight and my muscles have felt quite weak recently. it is difficult for me to move around without becoming stiff due to my swollen joints. walking has also been extremely uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i constantly sneeze and have a dry cough. my infections don't seem to be healing, and i have palpitations. my throat does ache occasionally, but it usually gets better. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i have been feeling extremely tired and weak, and i've also been coughing a lot with difficulty breathing. my fever is very high, and i'm producing a lot of mucus when i cough. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
headaches, vision problems (such as blurred vision or loss of peripheral vision), hormonal imbalances (such as excessive production or deficiency of specific hormones), fatigue, weight gain or loss, menstrual irregularities, infertility, erectile dysfunction, growth abnormalities in children, mood changes, cognitive impairments what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pituitary adenoma
sudden, involuntary muscle contractions, muscle pain, stiffness, limited range of motion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have muscle spasm
hoarseness, vocal changes, vocal fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vocal cord polyp
i am feeling quite weak. i'm having a lot of stomach discomfort and constipation, which is really bothering me. i have a strong urge to vomit at times, and as a result, i can't eat anything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i've been experiencing really low moods and very bad urine odour. i can't seem to keep my urine back, and the area near my kidneys hurts a lot. i frequently experience these irrational cravings. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
challenges with social interaction, communication difficulties, restricted interests or repetitive behaviors what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have autism
i've had a high fever, chills, and intense itching. in addition, i have a headache and am perspiring a lot. my muscles hurt a lot, and i feel sick. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i am experiencing a lot of belly pain and constipation, which has been really annoying. sometimes, i feel a strong urge to vomit, and because of all of these, i am feeling very weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have no energy and have lost my appetite. i have a high fever and severe headache and don't know what's wrong. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
yesterday, i noticed an enormous rash all over my skin. there are a lot of pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over my face, and my skin has been scurrying a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
when i awoke this morning, i saw a severe rash across my skin. there are many pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over the place. my skin has also been shifting a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
my skin has been peeling, especially on my knees, elbows, and scalp. this peeling is often accompanied by a burning or stinging sensation. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been feeling scratchy, sick, and worn out. i also had a high fever and lost weight. both my skin and my urine have become yellow. additional stomach pain that i've been having what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i've been experiencing intense itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. nausea and muscle pain have been making me feel miserable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
back pain, a productive cough, and limb weakness have been bothering me. i have balance and dizzy concerns, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. since my joints have grownup, it's heavy on behalf of pine tree state to run whereas not getting stiff. additionally, walking has been terribly uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
in addition to having a stiff neck and eye issues, i have been always hungry. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i have a high fever every night and developed sores on my face, particularly near my nose. i have noticed that the sores are taking longer to heal and are more prone to infection. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
shaking, dizziness, confusion, sweating what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypoglycemia
must confess that i've been experiencing shortness of breath, a persistent cough, and a high fever. i've also been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum, and i'm feeling quite drained and exhausted. it's all been rather tough to deal with, and i'm feeling quite sick at the moment what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
my skin has been breaking out in a terrible rash lately. blackheads and pus-filled pimples abound on it. additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have slow healing of wounds and cuts. i have this tingling sensation in my hand and numbness in both my hands and feet what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
repeated regurgitation and re-chewing of food what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have rumination disorder
i am worried about the constant peeling of the skin on my palm, elbow and knee. i have developed rashes on my arms, which itch if i touch them. all of these are making my life quite discomforting and miserable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i have trouble breathing, especially when exercising. i'm flushed and sweating in an unexpected way. i have yeast infections a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
abnormal pap test results,abnormal vaginal bleeding,pain during sex what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical cancer 
my muscles have been quite weak, and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to walk about without feeling stiff. walking has also been really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've been facing visual disruptions, seeing things as distorted, and eyesight difficulties. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
my skin is peeling, particularly on my knees, elbows, and scalp. this peeling is frequently accompanied by a stinging or burning feeling. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i'm having a really hard time catching my breath and i'm sweating a lot. i feel really sick and have a lot of mucus in my throat. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. the mucus i'm coughing up is dark and looks like rust. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
nasal congestion, runny nose, sneezing, facial pain or pressure, loss of smell what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have nose disorder
hypothyroidism,which is an underactive thyroid what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hashimoto's thyroiditis 
blurred or distorted vision, floaters, impaired color vision, dark or empty areas in the visual field, vision loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetic retinopathy
fatigue, frequent infections, easy bruising or bleeding what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have myelodysplastic syndrome
i've been suffering from symptoms including a headache, chest pain, dizziness, losing my balance, and trouble concentrating. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i have been experiencing intense itching, vomiting, and fatigue. i have also lost weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been experiencing abdominal pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
recently, i've been scratching myself a lot, and my skin is covered with rashy places. additionally, i've had a few pimples that are rather firm, and there are certain spots on my body that have a different shade of brown than the rest of my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
lately i've been experiencing constipation and pain during bowel movements. my anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when i go. it's really painful and i'm really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
painful rash that follows nerve path what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have shingles
vomiting,diarrhea,jaundice,liver damage,death what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have aflatoxicosis
i have awful mental clarity and have trouble focusing. i frequently forget things and struggle with memory. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
my pee has a strong, unpleasant scent and a hazy appearance. since these symptoms started appearing, i regularly feel the desire to urinate at night and have been experiencing high temperatures what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
unintentional urine leakage during physical activity what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have stress incontinence
my nails have small dents or pits in them, and they often feel inflammatory and tender to the touch. even there are minor rashes on my arms. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
hypocalcemia (low calcium levels), tetany (muscle spasms), short stature, rounded face what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pseudohypoparathyroidism
my wound is healing slowly and at a slower rate. my hands and feet are numb and tingling at the same time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i'm losing hair, and my hair's texture has considerably altered. my dandruff is becoming worse, and my dry, itchy scalp. my skin is getting quite dry as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
the skin around my mouth, nose, and eyes is red and inflamed. it is often itchy and uncomfortable. there is a noticeable inflammation in my nails. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
there is strange pain in my stomach area. i don't know what the reason behind this is. moreover, i am starting to get a mild fever along with chills and headaches. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have red, watery eyes all the time. my sinuses have also been bothered by a constant tightness. my breathing has been quite tough, and i've been feeling worn out all the time. my lymph nodes are irritated, and i also have a lot of throat mucous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have a really high fever, and i have problems breathing. my heart is racing quite quickly, i'm perspiring a lot, and i feel chilly and exhausted. i'm also about to cough out some brownish phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i've been experiencing muscular weakness and stiffness in my neck recently. my joints have enlarged, making it difficult for me to move. walking has also been difficult. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i have a runny nose and i am sneezing all the time. my eyes are itchy and often watery, and i am coughing all the time. my head hurts and all the time what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i'm feeling both bloated and uneasy. because i've been losing weight, i no longer like eating. i occasionally get tarry, black stools and blood in my vomit. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i'm sweating profusely and finding it difficult to catch my breath. i feel quite ill, and my throat is very mucous. my heart is pounding, and my chest aches. i'm coughing up thick mucous that resembles rust. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i'm drinking more water and urinating more frequently. my throat and mouth are frequently dry. recently, my appetite and hunger have both grown. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
diarrhea,bloody stool,abdominal pain,weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have crohn's disease
my neck has been extremely tight and my muscles have been feeling extremely weak. it is difficult for me to move around without becoming stiff due to my swollen joints. walking has also been extremely uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
cough, fever, chest pain, difficulty breathing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
periodically, the tingling in my throat, poor breath, and bad taste in my mouth make it difficult for me to swallow meals. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've been losing weight, feeling really fatigued, and throwing up a lot. my skin has become yellow, and i have a severe fever. i have dark urine, and i've been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high temperature have been plaguing me. besides having a headache, i'm also perspiring a lot. my muscles are quite sore, and i feel sick. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
floaters in vision, blurry vision, eye pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vitreous hemorrhage
there are sores on my face and mostly near my nose and lips. the sores are causing discomfort or pain, and there is a discharge of yellow or rust-colored fluid from them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
my entire body is trembling and shaky. i've lost my ability to taste and smell, and i'm worn out. i sometimes get a racing heart or palpitations. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
high fever, severe headache, joint and muscle pain, rash, nausea or vomiting, bleeding tendencies what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue fever
because of dry, flaky areas on my skin, i am prone to infections. my joints are in extreme pain . my knees and elbows' skin are starting to peel off. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've gained a lot of weight and am currently quite fat. i have many inclinations and cravings. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
lately i've been experiencing constipation, pain during bowel movements, and pain in my anus. my stool has also been really bloody and my anus has been really irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
hemangioblastomas (tumors in the brain, spinal cord, or other organs), retinal angiomas (abnormal blood vessel growth in the retina), renal cell carcinomas (kidney tumors), pheochromocytomas (adrenal gland tumors), pancreatic cysts/tumors, other tumors or cysts what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have von hippel-lindau disease
i've had trouble sleeping because of the itching and pain produced by the rash. my nails have little dents, which is really alarming. moreover, my joints pain everyday and i have no idea what is causing it. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've acquired skin rashes with blistering sores. the blistering sores are fluid-filled, elevated lesions that are unpleasant to touch. i'm also running a high fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have been developing sores on my face and nose area. i am not sure what is causing this. the sores on my face are swollen and tender to the touch, and i have a burning sensation and redness of the skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
my skin has been acting up recently, becoming extremely itchy and rashes-prone. additionally, there are certain spots that deviate from my natural skin tone in terms of hue. and now my skin has these lumps or bumps that weren't there before. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
my bowel motions have changed; they've been constipated and diarrhoeal. i lack energy, appetite, and frequently feel really exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
joint pain, stiffness, swelling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i'm so weak and exhausted, and my fever is through the roof. it's been very difficult to manage all of these symptoms, and i've also been coughing up a lot of mucus. i'm becoming so angry over everything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
my skin frequently develops itchy bumps that can occasionally turn red or rough. aside from that, my skin occasionally develops strange pimples that resemble small balls and some odd spots that are a different hue from the rest of my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
even when i don't have anything acidic in my stomach, i constantly have a sour taste in my mouth. i frequently have a lump in my throat and the hiccups. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've been feeling really cold and tired lately, and i've been coughing a lot with chest pain. my heart is beating really fast too, and when i cough, the phlegm is kind of a rusty color. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
because of dry, flaky areas on my skin, i am prone to infections. my joints are in excruciating agony. the skin on my knees and elbows is beginning to flake. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been suffering from constipation and stomach discomfort, which has been really uncomfortable. last night, i had a mild fever too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. i also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i'm queasy, and my muscles hurt a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
this morning when i woke up, i discovered an extremely bad rash on my skin. there are several pus-filled pimples and blackheads all around. my skin has also been moving around a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i've recently been suffering with chills, lethargy, a cough, a high temperature, and difficulties breathing. i've been sweating profusely and generally feeling ill and weak. i've also had some quite thick and red phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i have been feeling depressed and irritable, and have noticed a change in my vision. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i have been enduring frequent headaches, blurred vision, excessive appetite, a sore neck, anxiety, irritability, and digestive difficulties including indigestion and acid reflux. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
sadness,hopelessness,loss of interest in activities,changes in appetite,sleep,energy levels what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have depression 
runny nose,sneezing,itchy eyes,itchy nose,throat,palate what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergic rhinitis
my burping and belching are frequent. i frequently get chest discomfort that spreads to the back of my neck, jaw, and arm. i have pressure and tension in my chest. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i am currently dealing with a number of health issues, including a dry cough, difficulty breathing, a high fever, and increased mucus production. i am also feeling very weak and tired what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. i also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. additionally hurting me have been nausea and muscle soreness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
neck or back pain, stiffness, limited range of motion, numbness or weakness in the extremities what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have spondylosis
i have been experiencing diarrhea and have had loose, watery stools several times a day. i have lost my appetite and feel nauseated all the time. i am starting to get a mild fever too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
on occasion, throughout the day or at night, i have burning in my upper abdomen. i frequently get extreme nauseous episodes, heartburn, and indigestion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have been having bloody stools which has resulted in bloos loss and loss of iron. thiis has caused me anemia and i feel very weak in general what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i sneeze a lot and have a sore throat. my lips and the skin surrounding my eyes will occasionally swell. once i start, i just can't stop sneezing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
chronic constipation, abdominal distension, failure to pass meconium (in newborns) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hirschsprung disease
the skin around the veins on my legs is red and inflamed. i believe i can see some of the swollen blood vessels. i am really worried about it. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
fatigue, weakness, pale skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anemia due to chronic kidney disease
i've had intense aches in my chest, a head  pain that refuses to go away, and i've been feeling dizzy and unsteady. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i have noticed that there are bruises on my legs that i cannot explain. they are not painful but are concerning to me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
recently, the muscles in my neck have become tight and weak. it's difficult for me to run now since my joints are older without getting tight. the act of walking has also been quite unpleasant. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i have terrible mental clarity and find it difficult to stay focused. i regularly forget things and have problems remembering things. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
chronic bronchitis,emphysema what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)
damage to the kidneys that can lead to kidney failure what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have kidney disease
the veins in my legs are causing discomfort and difficulty sleeping at night. they are swollen and protruding from my skin, making them noticeable and painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
chest pain and severe nausea are present. recently, my chest has been hurting. i tremble a lot and am quite anxious. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i feel tired all the time, i have lost my taste and have a really sore throat. i also get feverish and often have muscle aches. sometimes my whole body just cramps up what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i have been experiencing some really intense itching all over my body, along with redness and bumps on my skin. there are also these weird patches that are different colors than the rest of my skin, and sometimes i get these nodules that look like small bumps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i have been frequently getting sudden strong urges to pee. there is blood in my pee sometimes and it is very foul smelling. i think i have an infection, what do i do? what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've been terribly constipated lately, and when i do go to the bathroom, it hurts a lot. aside from that, my anus has been really itchy, and i've observed some blood in my stool. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
doctor, i have these red rashes that keep popping up and my skin is continuously itching. in addition, i've observed some odd color-different spots on my skin, as well as some little nodules on my skin that appear to be expanding. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
increased red blood cell count, fatigue, headache, dizziness, itching, enlarged spleen what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have polycythemia vera
i have noticed that the sores on my face are healing more slowly and are more likely to become infected. my cheek sores are large, painful to the touch, and extremely difficult to handle. i can't seem to get rid of these sores. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have been experiencing a headache, chest pain, dizziness, and difficulty maintaining my balance. i also feel like i am having trouble concentrating what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
my neck has been extremely tight and my muscles have been feeling extremely weak. my joints have been swollen and i've been walking around with a lot of stiffness. additionally, walking has been extremely uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i have breathing problems and become out of breath easily. my eyes ache, i have a dry, hacking cough, and my face and body are bloated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
eye pain, redness, foreign body sensation, sensitivity to light what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have corneal abrasion
i can't stop sneezing and i feel really tired and crummy. my throat is really sore and i have a lot of gunky stuff in my nose and throat. my neck feels swollen and puffy too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
the swelling in my legs is causing me to have difficulty fitting into my shoes. i can't sprint or stand for long periods of time. i can see some swollen blood vessels. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
when i first experienced a headache, chest pain, and lightheadedness, i was at work. since then, it has been challenging for me to focus and concentrate on my work. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i have difficulty sleeping due to abdominal pain or discomfort. i have a loss of appetite and feel fatigued after going to the bathroom. i feel very tited all the time what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
since a few days ago, i've been experiencing low temperatures and bloody urination. my head is in excruciating pain, and my urine smells awful. i can hardly control when i urinate, and the impulses come on suddenly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've been losing weight and experiencing nausea, itching, and exhaustion. my skin has become yellow, and i have a severe fever. i have dark urine, and i've been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
developmental delays, intellectual disability, hearing loss, vision problems, heart defects, liver or spleen enlargement, rash at birth what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have congenital rubella
i'm sweating profusely and can't seem to get enough air. my throat is filled with a lot of mucus, and i don't feel good. my heart is pounding, and my chest aches. i'm coughing up reddish-colored mucous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
chest pain,shortness of breath,fatigue,dizziness,fainting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have heart disease
ear pain, fever, fluid drainage from the ear, hearing loss or muffled hearing in the affected ear what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acute otitis media
i've been experiencing back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs. i've been having trouble staying balanced and managing my vertigo, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i've had a tendency of itching on my skin, that frequently turns into a rash. there are also some strange patches of skin that are a different tone than the rest of my skin, and i regularly get little lumps that mimic nodules. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
elevated body temperature what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fever
along with headaches, indigestion, acid reflux, excessive appetite, a sore neck, sadness, impatience, and visual disturbance, i have also been feeling blurred and distorted vision. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i have developed red spots on my arms and legs that are itchy and inflamed. i have been feeling nauseaus and have a constant urge to vomit. this is accomapanied by mild fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i noticed a skin rash on my face. it was made up of a blistering sore. today i observed a yellow colored fluid coming out of the sores, i am not sure what it is. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i'm having a lot of trouble with constipation and pain while trying to go to the bathroom. it hurts a lot in my anus and the area around it. my stool has been bloody and my anus is really irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i have been feeling nauseous and have a constant urge to vomit, which is accompanied with mild fever and headache.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i have stomach ache, and bending over or lying down just makes it worse. when i consume certain meals, such as spicy or acidic cuisine, i have discomfort. this sometimes causes me to have loose stools. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i feel tired every day. there are red spots all over my arms and back and it itches if i touch them. i am really worried and not sure what to do. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i have been struggling with a headache that feels like a tight band around my head, along with chest pain and dizziness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've been experiencing severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. in addition, i have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i've also been bothered by nausea and muscular ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i've been irritated and depressed lately, and i've also noticed a change in my vision. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
cough with phlegm or pus, chest pain, fever, shortness of breath, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have abscess of the lung
i feel as though acid or food is backing up into my throat. my chest hurts, and lying down makes it worse. after eating, i frequently have heartburn or indigestion and throw up. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
developmental delays, intellectual disability, distinct facial features (small jaw, low-set ears), heart defects what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have edward syndrome
my face is covered in sores. most of them are near my nose and lips. the lesions are causing discomfort or suffering, and a yellow or rust-colored fluid is oozing from them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
cravings for alcohol, inability to control or limit alcohol consumption, withdrawal symptoms (such as tremors, anxiety, sweating) when attempting to stop or reduce alcohol use, continued use despite negative consequences (such as relationship problems, health issues), neglecting responsibilities, tolerance to alcohol what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have alcohol use disorder
my monthly cycle has changed, and i've had an unexpected vaginal discharge. i occasionally lose my temper, and my moods change a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
mom, dad, i've been feeling really tired and weak lately, and i've had this cough that just won't go away. it's been hard for me to catch my breath, and my fever has been really high. when i cough, i've been producing a lot of mucus. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
tingling, numbness, and pain in the hand and fingers what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have carpal tunnel syndrome
along with a high fever, i've had chills, vomiting, and severe itching. along with my headache and excessive sweating, i've been feeling awful with nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i have blurry vision, and it seems to be getting worse. i'm continuously fatigued and worn out. i also occasionally have acute lightheadedness and vertigo. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
hey, i've had a dry cough, breathing difficulties, as well as a high fever. a lot of mucous is being produced, and i feel incredibly weak and tired." what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
heel pain, tenderness, difficulty walking what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have plantar fasciitis
anxiety, restlessness, irritability, tremors, sweating, nausea, vomiting, insomnia, drug cravings what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug withdrawal
occasionally throughout the day or at night, i have burning in my upper abdomen. i get indigestion, heartburn, and frequent bouts of extreme nausea. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
along with headaches, indigestion, acid reflux, excessive appetite, a sore neck, sadness, impatience, and visual disturbance, i have also been experiencing blurred and distorted vision. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i have sore throat and i am sneezing all the time. sometimes i have swelling on my face like my lips and near my eyes. i just cant stop sneezing once i start sneezing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i have heartburn and indigestion. i regularly throw up everything i eat, and swallowing is difficult for me since food gets stuck in my throat. i'm experiencing pain in my upper abdomen. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i am feeling really sick. i have a high fever and headache. i noticed rashes on my arms and face. i am extremely worried about this. today, i observed red sores near my nose. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
there is blood in my urine and i have a low fever. my head hurts almost all the time and i get very strong uncontrollable urges to pee. i have been having pain in lower back also  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
surgical site pain, discomfort, swelling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pain after an operation
i've been noticing a really nasty rash on my skin lately. it's covered in blackheads and pimples that are packed with pus. my skin has also been really scurrying. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, headaches, and blurred and distorted vision, as well as excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. these symptoms have been affecting my daily life and causing me discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
my body is shaking and trembling. my senses of taste and smell have gotten weaker, and i feel exhausted. i occasionally have palpitations or a rapid pulse. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i have a skin rash that's red and swollen, and it's spreading all over my body. i have a mild fever and it is causing me a lot of discomforts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
persistent feelings of sadness, emptiness, or hopelessness, frequent crying, irritability, loss of interest or pleasure in activities, difficulty bonding with the baby, changes in appetite or sleep patterns, overwhelming fatigue, feelings of guilt or worthlessness, trouble concentrating or making decisions, thoughts of self-harm or harming the baby what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have postpartum depression
i've just developed a skin rash with several pus-filled pimples and blackheads. my skin has also been quite sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
my vision is foggy, and it seems to be growing worse. i'm constantly feeling worn out and exhausted. additionally, i occasionally have severe lightheadedness and dizziness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i have been feeling excessively hungry, even after eating, and have had a stiff neck. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i've been feeling really sick and i've had a lot of fatigue. i've had a really bad cough and my throat has been really sore. i've had a lot of sinus pressure and my nose has been really congested. i just feel really run down and miserable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been experiencing frequent, intense, abrupt cravings to urinate. sometimes i get blood in my pee, and it smells awful. what should i do if i believe i have an infection? what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
the chills and shivering i have been experiencing are accompanied by a feeling of coldness and high fever. i have also developed rashes on my arms and red spots on my neck. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i discovered a huge rash on my skin yesterday. my face is covered of blackheads and pus-filled pimples, and my skin has been crawling a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
abdominal pain,bloating,constipation,diarrhea what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have irritable bowel syndrome (ibs)
my wound is healing more slowly these days. my feet and hands are tingling and becoming numb. i feel really fragile. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i sneeze a lot and my nose is running. my eyes ache and are damp, and i frequently croak. my head hurts all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been having a really bad rash on my skin lately. it's full of pus-filled pimples and blackheads. my skin has also been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i've been really weary and ill. i've been suffering from a severe cough and sore throat. i've got a lot of chills and a pretty high temperature. i simply feel tired and run down. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
joint pain, swelling, tenderness, limited range of motion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bursitis
acidity and indigestion are among the digestive problems i've been having, along with regular headaches, blurred vision, increased hunger, stiff neck, sadness, impatience, and visual disruption. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
along with eyesight problems, increased appetite, a sore neck, melancholy, irritability, and regular headaches, i have also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, and frequent migraines. my regular activities have been made more challenging by these symptoms, which have been causing me a great deal of distress. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
blood in urine, frequent urination, pelvic pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bladder cancer
my eyes are constantly red and runny. a persistent tightness in my sinuses has also been bothering me. i've been having a lot of difficulties breathing and constantly feel fatigued. in addition, i have a lot of throat mucus and inflamed lymph nodes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have been struggling with acid reflux, indigestion, and headaches, as well as blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i've observed that the lesions on my face are healing slower and are more prone to infection. the lesions on my cheeks are huge, unpleasant to the touch, and incredibly difficult to treat. i can't seem to get these sores to go away. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have difficulty in maintianing concentration and very low mental clarity. i often forget things and in general have difficulty remembering things what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i've been losing my appetite, and i also have trouble swallowing. my nose has been running, and i have a sore throat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
fever,headache,muscle aches,tingling at the bite site,difficulty swallowing,hydrophobia,aerophobia what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have rabies
redness, warmth, swelling, and tenderness along a vein, pain or discomfort, skin discoloration, visible veins, fever what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have thrombophlebitis
itching,burning,discharge from the vaginor penis what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have yeast infection
i have been suffering from acid reflux, indigestion, and regular headaches, as well as impaired vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. these symptoms have been causing me a lot of distress and making it difficult to go about my daily activities. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
fatigue, weight gain, constipation, dry skin, depression, muscle aches and stiffness, sensitivity to cold what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hashimoto thyroiditis
my appetite has decreased, and i've been having swallowing issues. i have a sore throat, and my nose has been running. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
recently, i've been scratching myself a lot, and my skin is covered with rashy places. in addition, there are a few spots where my skin doesn't appear to be its usual shade, and i've experienced a few lumps that are quite painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
its been a week , i am suffering from continious health issues like dry cough , problems in breathing , weakness throughout the day. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i'm constantly sneezing and my body is shaking from being cold. i'm so tired i can barely move and my head is killing me. my fever is through the roof what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been feeling really scratchy, dizzy, and worn out. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i get stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
sharp pain, tingling, or numbness that radiates from the lower back through the hips and down the leg what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have sciatica
recently, i've been having a lot of difficulty using the restroom. my bowel movements have been extremely uncomfortable and difficult for me to have.  my anus has been quite inflamed, and my stool has been extremely bloody. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i'm constantly sneezing, and the cold is making my body tremble. i'm so exhausted that i can hardly move, and my head hurts. my fever is quite high. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
my mouth is filled with an acidic, sour flavour. burping and belching are frequent in me. for a few hours, my upper abdomen has felt pressured or full. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i've been having a lot of trouble going to the bathroom lately, and it's been really painful. i've also noticed that my stool has been bloody and my anus has been really irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
numbness or tingling in fingers or around the mouth, muscle cramps what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypocalcemia
my tendency is to belch and burp frequently. i frequently get chest pain that spreads to my arm, jaw, and the back of my neck. there is pressure and stress in my chest. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i've been suffering from severe itching all over my body, and it's driving me insane. i also have a red and irritating rash. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
recently, i've been having problems using the restroom. going is incredibly difficult, and doing so hurts. in addition, i've been experiencing some butt soreness, and my stools have been bloody. my anus has also been quite itching and aggravated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
flu-like symptoms (fever, headache, fatigue), anxiety, confusion, hallucinations, difficulty swallowing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have rabies
along with a headache, chest pain, instability, and balance issues, i've also been feeling dizzy. i also think i'm having problems focusing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
along with impaired eyesight, increased appetite, a sore neck, melancholy, impatience, and regular headaches, i've also been experiencing heartburn, acid reflux, and indigestion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i frequently have exhaustion, a terrible taste in my mouth, and throat itchiness. my muscles are also burning and uncomfortable. sometimes i have cramps all throughout my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
my nails have small dents on them. even my joints have started to pain severely. there is a silver like dusting on my skin, particularly in my back. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
severe eye pain, headache, blurred vision, halos around lights, nausea and vomiting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have angle-closure glaucoma
muscle weakness, loss of sensation, chronic pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have syringomyelia
i've been having periodic coughing fits, terrible back pain, and limb weakness. i've been feeling neck pain as well as a dizzy and unstable sensation. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
my skin occasionally peels off the rashes that i have. this makes me more vulnerable to infections. my hands begin to shake, and occasionally i have tremors. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
my sinuses feel stuffy, and my eyes have been quite red. i simply lack energy, and my throat has been really scratchy. along with the swelling in my lymph nodes, i've also been coughing up a lot of phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been experiencing balance issues, a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. i've also realised that i'm having trouble focusing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
the swelling in my legs is causing me to have difficulty fitting into my shoes and is causing discomfort when i sit for long periods of time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
my skin has been itching a lot and developing a rash. additionally, i have a few areas of my skin that are a different hue than the rest of it. additionally, i have a few firm pimples or breakouts on my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i've been coughing a lot and feeling chilly and shivery. my nose has been quite clogged, and i am experiencing facial pressure. i also have a lot of phlegm, and coughing pains my chest. i can't smell anything, and my muscles are aching. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
pain, swelling, redness, discharge from the nose what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have abscess of nose
because of the vomiting and diarrhea, i've been having a lot of difficulties staying hydrated. there is a mild fever, too, as well as stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
the skin around the veins on my legs is red, inflamed, and itchy. it is causing a lot of discomforts and i am starting to get regular cramps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've had intense itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. nausea and muscle pain have been making me feel miserable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
my skin has been really scratchy, and there are rashes all over my body. i have some bumps that are quite firm, as well as some areas that are a darker shade from the rest of my skin. it's extremely unpleasant. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
gradual vision loss, peripheral vision impairment, eye pain or discomfort, halos around lights what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic glaucoma
inflammation of blood vessels leading to various symptoms depending on the affected organs, including rash, fever, fatigue, muscle and joint pain, shortness of breath, weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vasculitis
along with my intense scratching, chills, nausea, and high fever, i've also been feeling really unwell. along with my headache and excessive sweating, i've been suffering from severe muscle pain and nausea. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
difficulty with social interaction,repetitive behaviors,restricted interests what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have asperger syndrome
fever,diarrhea,abdominal cramps,nausea,vomiting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have salmonella
i have been experiencing chills and shivering, despite being in a warm environment. my back pains all the time and there are red spots on my arms. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
my shivers and shivering have been accompanied with a sensation of coldness and a very high fever. rashes on my arms and red patches on my neck have also appeared.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've got a cough that won't go away, and i'm exhausted. i've been coughing up thick mucous and my fever is also pretty high. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
headache, fever, fatigue, cough, meningitis, pneumonia what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cryptococcosis
motor, cognitive, and psychiatric symptoms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have huntington disease
this morning, i saw a large rash all over my body. there are a lot of pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over my face, and my skin has been scurrying a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
due to a stomach discomfort, i have problems sleeping or staying asleep. i am exhausted after using the bathroom and lose my appetite. i'm quite nervous all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
my skin has a silvery layer over it, especially on my back and arms. this dusting is made up of small scales that peel off readily when rubbed. also, there are rashes all over my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
hair loss or balding, patchy or generalized hair loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have alopecia
my muscles haven't been very strong, and i've been experiencing back ache. i've been feeling lightheaded and wobbly on my feet, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i have a nasal congestion and blocked nose. sometimes at night i have chest pain and tightness. i have also lost my sense of smell and taste what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
recently, when i try to walk about, i have stiffness, a stiff neck, swollen joints, and muscular weakness. walking has also been really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
lately, my neck has been tight and my muscles have been weakened. i have swelling joints that make it difficult for me to move about without getting stiff. it has also been agonisingly painful to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
along with eyesight problems, increased appetite, a sore neck, melancholy, irritability, and regular headaches, i have also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, and frequent dizziness. my regular activities have been made more tough by these symptoms, which have been causing me a great deal of distress. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
my fingers and soles have pretty thick skin that is cracked severely. these fractures hurt and bleed frequently. the fractures are itchy and covered with scales. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've also been experiencing some diarrhea and constipation, which has been really worrying. it feels like a sharp, stabbing pain in my belly area. i feel tired all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
my back hurts all the time, and my arms and neck have rashes. the back of eyes pain a lot. i also have fever and it is making we worried about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i was in the middle of a workout when i suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. it's been hard for me to maintain my balance since then what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
blurred or distorted central vision, blind spots what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have macular degeneration
i've been itchy and have been throwing up. along with losing weight, i'm also really exhausted. my skin has turned yellow, and my fever is high. additionally, i get stomach ache and dark urine. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
memory loss,confusion,difficulty thinking,changes in personality or behavior what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dementia
my fever is really high, and i'm having difficulty breathing. i'm drenched in sweat and shivering with chills. i'm quite fatigued, and my heart is racing. i'm also expecting some brownish phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
blood has been found in my urination. i sometimes have nausea when urinating. i regularly feel like i'm almost feverish. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
my legs are causing a lot of discomforts when i exercise. i get frequent cramps and the blood vessels have become quite noticeable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have rashes and skin irritations especially in the folds of the skin. there is also very slow healing of any cuts and bruises i have on my skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
my mouth and throat are dry. additionally, i've been growing increasingly hungry. but on occasion, i do feel rather worn out. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i've lost my appetite and can't seem to eat anything. i'm worried about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i have a rash on my legs that is causing a lot of discomforts. it seems there is a cramp and i can see prominent veins on the calf. also, i have been feeling very tired and fatigued in the past couple of days. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
the veins on my calves have become very prominent and causing discomfort. i can't stand for long periods of time, as it causes pain in my legs, similar to cramps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've been itching a lot, and it's been accompanied with a rash that looks to be getting worse over time. there are also some patches of skin that are different colours from the rest of the skin, as well as some lumps that resemble little nodes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i have a high fever and a severe headache. i can't seem to eat anything and feel like vomiting. there are also some red spots developing on my arms. i am really worried. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
fever,cough,sore throat,runny or stuffy nose,muscle aches,headache,fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have flu
pain,redness,inflammation in the eye what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acanthamoebkeratitis
my skin is breaking out in rashes. when i scratch or rub the rash, it frequently bleeds. in addition, i've observed little dents in my nails. there is a noticeable inflammation in my nails. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've had ongoing health problems for a week, including a dry cough, breathing difficulties, and general weakness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i frequently feel the want to urinate and have these strong cravings. i get woozy and disoriented a lot. moreover, i have lost my vision considerably what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i'm really exhausted and lacking in energy. i can hardly keep my eyes open during the day. i have a mild fever and don't feel like eating anything. i think i have lost my appetite. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've seen a sudden peeling of skin on various regions of my body, mostly my arms, legs, and back. in addition, i have significant joint pain and skin rashes. the rash is spreading to different parts of my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, neurological symptoms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have antimicrobial drugs poisoning
i've felt really scratchy, nauseated, and worn out. i also had a high fever and lost weight. both my skin and my urine have become yellow. additionally, my stomach has been hurting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have a feeling of tremors and muscle twitching. i have decreased sense of smell or taste and i feel fatigued. sometimes i have a feeling of rapid hearbeat or palipatations what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
the skin on my calves is itchy and inflamed, causing a lot of discomfort and difficulty sleeping at night. the blood vessels have started to protrude out, which is concerning. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
fever,headache,stiff neck,nausea,vomiting,sensitivity to light what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have meningitis
frequent urination, burning sensation during urination, cloudy or bloody urine, pelvic pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection (uti)
along with a phlegmy cough and muscle weakness, i've been dealing with excruciating back pain. in addition to feeling woozy and shaky on my feet, my neck has been hurting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i've been having this really annoying itch all over my body, and i have red and bumpy spots on my skin too. there are also some areas that are a different color than the rest of my skin, and i've had some bumps that look like little balls. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
dry, flaky skin with itching what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dry skin
i have lost my appetite and have noticed a significant weight loss. i have abdominal pain, especially in the area of my stomach and intestines. i am concerned about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
fatigue, weight gain, sensitivity to cold, dry skin, constipation, depression, muscle weakness, elevated cholesterol levels what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypothyroidism
i am suffering from mild fever and headache. there are small sores near my nose and rashes on my neck. i am going through a very tough time right now. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i was at work when i started feeling a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. it's been hard for me to concentrate and focus on my tasks since then. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
lump,unexplained weight loss,fatigue,changes in bowel,bladder habits,persistent cough,indigestion,unexplained bleeding or discharge what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cancer
i have been experiencing acidity and indigestion after meals, as well as frequent headaches and blurred vision. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
redness, swelling, discharge from the wound what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have open wound from surgical incision
i'm saturated with sweat and struggling to breathe. my throat is blocked with mucous, and i'm uncomfortable. my heart is racing, and my chest aches. i'm coughing up a darkish stringy mucous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
joint swelling, pain, warmth, limited range of motion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hemarthrosis
nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain or cramps, fever what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroenteritis (stomach flu)
my palms and soles have grown and developed severe fissures. these cracks are unpleasant and frequently bleed. also, the skin is starting to peel off. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
avoidance or restriction of certain foods or entire food groups, significant weight loss or failure to gain weight what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (arfid)
i've been feeling really exhausted and sick to my stomach. i've had a really bad cough and my throat has hurt a lot. i've experienced substantial sinus pressure and a congested nose. i'm really unpleasant and worn out. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
fever,cough,sore throat,runny or stuffy nose,muscle aches,headache,fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have flu
my eyes have been really red and my sinuses feel congested. i just don't have any energy and my throat has been really itchy. i've also noticed my lymph nodes are swollen and i've been coughing up a lot of phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
uncomfortable sensation in the legs, usually in the evening or at night, urge to move legs for relief what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have restless leg syndrome
respiratory distress, chest pain, confusion, petechial rash (small red or purple spots), neurological symptoms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fat embolism
i've had a nasty cough and cold for days. my sinuses are congested, and i have facial pressure. i've also been coughing up mucus, and it pains my chest. i can't smell anything and my muscles are aching. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
the prominent blood vessels on my calves are causing self-consciousness and embarrassment. i believe the problem is because of my overweight. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have been dealing with a headache and chest pain for a few days now, but today the dizziness and loss of balance became much worse. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i'm feeling really nauseous and uneasy. i'm not sure what it might be. i've seen rashes on my arms and legs. i have lost my appetite and feel exhausted every day. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i have experienced fatigue and a general feeling of malaise. i often feel tired and have a lack of energy, even after a good night's sleep. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i unknowingly lose weight and find it difficult to gain weight. to relieve the pain and discomfort i feel, i take antacids. my mouth hurts so much. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i experience skin irritations and rashes, especially in my skin's creases. any wounds and bruises i have on my skin also heal quite slowly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
the rashes on my skin are not healing. moreover, i have noticed a sudden peeling of the skin, especially the skin on my elbows and knees. i am really worried about this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
difficulty or poor urinary stream, urinary tract infections, urinary frequency or urgency, abdominal distension, poor weight gain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urethral valves
i have lots of itchy spots on my skin, and sometimes they turn red or bumpy. there are also some weird patches that are different colors than the rest of my skin, and sometimes i get these weird bumps that look like little balls. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
cough,mucus production,shortness of breath,chest pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchitis
i have had some constipation and belly pain, which has been really uncomfortable. the pain has been getting worse and it's really affecting my daily life. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
night blindness, dry eyes, dry or rough skin, poor wound healing, weakened immune system what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vitamin a deficiency
i am experiencing very high fever and chills every night. it is really concerning me. moreover, i don’t feel like eating anything and my back, arms, legs pain a lot. there is a strange pain behing my eyes. i can’t do any physical activities.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
in add to frequent headaches and blurred vision, increased appetite, a stiff neck, anxiety, irritability, and visual disturbance, i have been having stomach problems, including indigestion and acidity. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
shortness of breath, dry cough, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pulmonary fibrosis
gradual hearing loss, difficulty hearing high-pitched sounds, speech sounds muffled or unclear what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have presbycusis
i've been quite exhausted and ill. my throat has been quite painful, and i've had a fairly nasty cough. i've got a lot of chills and a pretty high temperature. just feeling extremely run down and weak what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have persistent dry cough. my infections dont seem to be healing and i have palpitations. i also have this problem of sore throat that does seem to go away what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
cloudy or hazy eyes, excessive tearing, sensitivity to light what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have congenital glaucoma
i have a strong appetite and am constantly hungry. my stomach occasionally aches and cramps. i have really painful gas and bloating after eating. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
vertigo, dizziness, nausea, hearing loss, ear pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have labyrinthitis
because of the vomiting and diarrhea, i've been having a lot of difficulties staying hydrated. i have a high fever, as well as constipation and headache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
my neck has been extremely stiff and my muscles have been extremely weak. as a result of swelling in my joints, i find it difficult to move around without feeling stiff. additionally, walking has been extremely uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i have a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and severe itching. in addition, i've been perspiring a lot and have a headache. i've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
my muscles have been quite weak, and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have swollen and i've been experiencing a lot of stiffness when i move around. walking has also been excruciatingly uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
fever, chills, back or flank pain, frequent urination what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pyelonephritis
painful, red lump or swelling on the eyelid, usually on the upper eyelid, sensitivity to light, blurred vision (if the chalazion affects the line of sight), mild discomfort, tenderness, localized inflammation and swelling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chalazion
i have been having a headache, chest pain, dizziness, and trouble with my balance. it has also been hard for me to focus and concentrate. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've been experiencing balance issues along with feeling dizzy and lightheaded. additionally, i've seen a drop in my concentration and focus. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
my balance has been off, and i have a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. i've also observed that it's hard for me to concentrate. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've had terrible back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. i have issues with dizziness and balance loss, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
my calves have been cramping up when i walk or stand for long periods of time. there are bruise marks on my calves, which is making me worried. i feel tired very soon. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
persistent knee pain, stiffness, swelling, limited range of motion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic knee pain
i've been having difficulty using the restroom. it's been difficult to go, and it aches when i do. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's excruciatingly painful, and i'm quite uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
my mouth is filled with a sour, acidic flavour. my burping and belching are frequent. for a few hours, i get pressure or fullness in my upper belly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
bloating and unease are both present in me. i've been losing weight and losing interest in food. i occasionally get tarry, black stools and vomit that contains blood. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
enlarged lymph nodes are giving me a great deal of pain. i have rashes all over my body and because of which i cannot sleep all night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
my throat often feels like it's on fire, especially after eating. i occasionally get an aftertaste that is sour or bitter and makes me feel nauseous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have been struggling with acid reflux, indigestion, and headaches, as well as blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. these symptoms have been causing me a lot of problems and making it difficult to concentrate and function normally. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i'm always worn out and experiencing a tingle in my throat. i've also started to have dry skin. my eyes occasionally swell up what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
frequent urges to urinate with little output, pain during urination, cloudy or bloody urine, strong or foul-smelling urine, pelvic pain, low fever, nausea and vomiting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
elevated levels of gamma globulins in the blood, may be asymptomatic or associated with other underlying conditions what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypergammaglobulinemia
i've been wheezing a lot and am generally feeling sick and exhausted. my throat feels really scratchy, and a lot of gross stuff is flowing out of my nose. my neck also feels bloated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
the high fever i have been experiencing is accompanied by sweating and weakness. my muscles pain as a result i cannot work all day.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i have trouble swallowing, and i frequently feel like food is getting stuck in my throat. i feel bloated and belch constantly. i always get a sour taste in my mouth. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i'm dripping with perspiration and can't seem to catch my breath. my throat is filled with a lot of phlegm, and i feel awful. my heart is pounding, and my chest aches. i'm coughing up brownish mucous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
thickening of the skin, raynaud's phenomenon what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have scleroderma
i recently had a horrible rash on my skin. there are several blackheads and pus-filled pimples. my skin has also been moving around a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
there is strange pain in my joints. also, i have noticed strange peeling of skin in different parts of my body. i am afraid there is something wrong going on with my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
both my appetite and ongoing hunger are fierce. there are times when my stomach hurts and cramps. following a meal, i have very painful gas and bloating. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
the skin rash i have developed is accompanied by redness and swelling. i don’t feel well as i have severe fever accompanied with body pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
a skin rash with several pus-filled pimples and blackheads has been bothering me lately. additionally, my skin has been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
my skin has a horrible rash that is absolutely nonheritable. blackheads and pus-filled pimples abound on it. in addition, my skin has been quite sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
pain or discomfort in the tailbone area, swelling, redness, drainage of pus or blood, abscess formation what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pilonidal cyst
i've been really itchy lately and there are these rashy spots all over my skin. there are also some areas that look different in shade than the rest of my skin, and i've had some bumps that are kind of hard. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i'm suffering from severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. nausea and muscle pain have also been causing me discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
severe sore throat, difficulty swallowing, fever, swollen tonsils, voice changes, neck pain or stiffness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peritonsillar abscess
i always get hot, puffy eyes and the feeling that something is obstructing my sinuses. my chest feels quite heavy, and i've been coughing up a lot of gunk. i have no sense of smell, and my muscles hurt a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have to go the bathroom all the time, but the urine output is very low often just a few drops. my stomach hurts a lot and and cant seem to be able to control my urges to pee what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
along with recurrent headaches and blurred vision, i suffer acid reflux and trouble digesting my food. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
lump, swelling, facial changes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acinic cell carcinoma
abdominal pain, tenderness, bruising, swelling, difficulty breathing, nausea, vomiting, changes in bowel movements, blood in urine or stool what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have abdominal injury
i've had rashes on my face. i'm developing little sores around my nose, and a yellow ooze is frequently oozing from them. the lesions have become even more painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
fever,headache,stiff neck,nausea,vomiting,sensitivity to light what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bacterial meningitis
i've been experiencing severe itching, chills, vomiting, and a high fever. i'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. nausea and muscle pain have been causing me a lot of discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
my skin is prone to infections due to dry, flaky patches. i am experiencing a strong pain in my joints. the skin on my knees and elbows is starting to peel off. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
fatigue, weight changes, mood swings, dry skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have thyroid disease
i have developed a skin rash on my face and neck. the rash is made up of red sores that are blistering. i am worried about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
yellowing of the skin and eyes, pale stools, dark urine what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have neonatal jaundice
fatigue, increased hunger, slow healing of wounds what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have type 2 diabetes
gradual loss of vision, visual field defects what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have normal-tension glaucoma
the itch, the nausea, and the weariness have been bothering me. in addition, i developed a fever and lost weight. my pee is black, and i've developed a yellow rash. additionally, i've had stomach ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
memory loss,confusion,difficulty thinking,changes in personality or behavior what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have alzheimer's disease
i lack energy and feel like my neck is bloated. my eyes are red, and my throat feels scratchy. i have severe congestion in my nostrils, and my face is under pressure. i can't smell anything, and my chest hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i was out shopping when i started feeling a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. it's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on my tasks since then. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've been feeling truly frail in my muscles recently and my neck has been truly solid. it has been difficult for me to move around because my joints have been swelling. walking has also been extremely painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've been experiencing severe body itchiness, chills, and vomiting. i have a really high fever, and i've been perspiring a lot. i also feel queasy and have a headache. my muscles are in excruciating discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i have been struggling with back pain, a cough that won't go away, and weakness in my extremities. my neck hurts and i have had problems with dizziness and losing my balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
there are rashy areas all over my skin, which has been really irritating. additionally, i have some bumps that are fairly firm and some patches that are a different colour from the rest of my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i have rashes and skin irritations, especially in the crevices of my skin. my skin bruises and cuts also take a long time to heal. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
recently, i have had a number of concerning symptoms, including a dry cough, impaired breathing, a high fever, and a lot of mucus. i also feel very weak and tired. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
my muscles have been feeling really weak, and my neck has been extremely tight. i have swollen joints and find it difficult to move about without becoming stiff. it has also been really uncomfortable to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i have been vomiting frequently and have lost my appetite as a result. my joints and back pain all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i have a sour acidic taste in my mouth. i have frequent belching and burping. i have a feeling of pressure or fullness in my upper abdomen that last for a few hours what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have noticed that the sores are taking longer to heal and are more prone to infection. the sores on my face are swollen and tender to the touch and very uncomfortable to handle. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have experinenced significant weight gain and become very obese. i have changes in my appetite and cravings for different foods what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
my skin has been acting up lately, becoming exceedingly itchy and prone to rashes. furthermore, several patches differ from my normal skin tone in terms of colour. and now i have lumps or bumps on my skin that weren't there before. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
blurred distance vision, eyestrain, squinting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have myopia
i have trouble focusing, and my emotions fluctuate. my brain might seem murky and foggy at times, making it difficult for me to complete even straightforward chores. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
recently, i've been itching myself a lot, and my skin is covered with rashy patches. furthermore, there are a few regions where my skin doesn't appear to be its usual tone, and i've experienced a few lumps that are exceptionally painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i've been having constipation and bowel motions that hurt recently. when i go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. i'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
high fever, body aches, fatigue, cough, sore throat, congestion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have influenza (flu)
the skin on my calves has become inflamed and red. my legs hurt if i try to run or do any physical activities. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've been experiencing dizziness and anxiousness, as well as a loss in my attention and concentration and ability to concentrate. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
sore throat, difficulty swallowing, swollen lymph nodes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pharyngitis
fever,cough,sore throat,runny or stuffy nose,muscle aches,headache,fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have influenza
i always feel worn out, have unpleasant taste in my mouth, and have a really itchy throat. my muscles are also hot and hurting. sometimes my whole body just cramps up. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
euphoria, increased energy, dilated pupils, rapid heart rate, high blood pressure, risk of heart attack or stroke what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug abuse (cocaine)
the rashes on my face are not healing. i tried some medications but it is not helping much. recently, i noticed small sores near my nose. they are painful and very difficult to handle. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have to use the restroom frequently, yet only a few drops of pee are usually produced. my stomach aches a lot, and i can't seem to control the desire to urinate. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
visible bulge or swelling, discomfort or pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have abdominal hernia
my body itches all over, and i have rashes on my back and chest. my skin can be flaky on sometimes, which commonly results in body marks. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i have swollen lymph nodes and red spots all over my body, and they are causing discomfort. i also have a mild fever and feel tired most of the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've had trouble sleeping because of the itching and pain produced by the rash. my nails have little dents. i am also experiencing skin peeling in different parts of my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been itching and have rashy patches all over my skin recently. there are also some regions that don't appear to be the regular tone of my skin, and i've experienced some painful bumps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i felt fine all day, but when i was driving home from work, i suddenly started to have headache, chest discomfort, and dizziness. since then, it has been challenging for me to concentrate and focus while driving. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've felt really scratchy, nauseated, and worn out. i also had a high fever and lost weight. both my skin and my urine have become yellow. i've also been experiencing stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i believe i have some skin disease. there are rashes on my face and small sores near my nose. the sores have become red, and painful and some kind of a yellow ooze discharges from them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i regularly have trouble swallowing, and i sometimes feel like food is becoming trapped in my throat. i frequently feel bloated and belch. every time, i have a bad aftertaste. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i can't seem to get enough air and i'm sweating a lot. i don't feel well and there's a lot of phlegm in my throat. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. the mucus i'm coughing up is reddish in color. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
my muscles have been feeling feeble recently, but my neck has been rock solid. my joints have become swollen, making it difficult for me to move about. walking has been quite uncomfortable as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
back ache, a chronic cough, and limb weakness have been bothering me. i have troubles with disorientation and balance loss, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
muscle weakness, pain, inflammation what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have myositis
decreased urine output, fluid retention, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acute kidney injury
i've been experiencing difficulty breathing, a chronic cough, and weariness. i've been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum while also running a very high temperature. due to having to cope with all of this, i'm simply feeling extremely worn out and exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i've been constantly feeling scratchy, sick, and tired out. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. furthermore, i have been experiencing stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
tremors, stiffness, slowness of movement what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have parkinson disease
rash, itching, swelling, fever, respiratory symptoms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i unintentionally lose weight and find it challenging to gain it back. to relieve the pain and discomfort i feel, i take antacids. my mouth hurts so severely right now. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
my skin has just acquired a nasty rash. it's full of pus-filled pimples and blackheads. my skin has been really sensitive as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
redness, itching, watery discharge, swollen eyelids what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have conjunctivitis due to allergy
recently, my muscles have felt quite weak, and my neck has been really tight. i have swollen joints, making it difficult for me to move. walking has also been painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
recently, the muscles in my neck have become tight and weak. since my joints have matured, it is difficult for the american government for me to run without becoming stiff. walking has also been quite unpleasant. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i woke up this morning feeling fine, but as the day went on, i started experiencing a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. it's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on my work since then. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i have noticed a sudden peeling of skin at different parts of my body, mainly arms, legs and back. also, i face severe joint pain and skin rashes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
the joint pain i have been experiencing is severe and feels like a constant ache. my head aches most of the time and i am starting to develope mild fever, accompanied with chills.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
lately i've been really constipated, and it's been really painful when i do go to the bathroom. i've also noticed some blood in my stool, and my anus has been really irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
itching and visible presence of lice or nits (eggs) in the hair what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lice
i have unintended weight loss and difficulty gaining weight. i have pain and discomfort that is relieved by taking antacids. my mouth tastes very bad what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i woke up today to find that i had a major rash all over my body. there are lots of pimples filled with pus and blackheads everywhere, and my skin has been scurrying a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
when i have a fever, i feel quite woozy and lightheaded. my heart is pounding, and my head is absolutely foggy. my ability to think properly is impaired, and everything appears to be somewhat blurry. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
a few days ago, i experienced a tiny rash around my nose. the rash is now accompanied by a burning feeling and skin redness and discharge of fluid. i believe it is some sort of infection. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
back pain, a chronic cough, and muscle weakness have been bothering me. i have concerns with dizziness and losing my position, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i've recently developed a terrible rash on my skin. it's riddled with blackheads and pus-filled pimples. my skin has also been scurrying everywhere. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i've had a high fever, particularly at night. it's been quite unpleasant. there is a little headache, as well as constipation and diarrhea. i don't feel like eating anything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
only when i hunch down or lie down does my stomach hurt more. i have pain after eating certain foods, such as hot or acidic food. i occasionally get loose stools as a result of this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have to go to the bathroom a lot, but generally only a few drops of urine come out. i have severe stomach pains and an overwhelming want to urinate. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've lost a lot of weight in the past week because i haven't been able to eat much due to nausea and vomiting. this is followed by mild fever, headache and belly pain. i'm really concerned about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
abdominal or back pain, unexplained weight loss, hormonal imbalances what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have adrenal cancer
i have indigestion and heartburn. i frequently vomit everything i eat, and i have trouble swallowing food because it gets caught in my throat. my upper abdomen is bothering me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
my urine is frequently black, red, and has a really strange odour. i have been experiencing temperature changes very regularly, which usually prevents me from sleeping at night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i have respiratory issues, especially when doing out. unexpectedly, i'm sweating and flushed. i frequently have yeast infections and urinary tract infections what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i'm coughing nonstop and am really chilly. my mucus production is excessive, and my sinuses are fully clogged. i can't smell anything, and my chest hurts. my muscles are quite painful as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i'm shaking and trembling all over. i've lost my sense of taste and smell, and i'm exhausted. i occasionally get palpitations or a speeding heart. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i've been experiencing chills, feel really exhausted, and my cough just won't go away. when i cough, my chest aches and my heart is pounding. it's a disgusting brownish hue, the mucous i'm coming up. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
the abdominal pain has been coming and going, and it's been really unpleasant. it's been accompanied by constipation and vomiting. i feel really concerned about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
for days, i've had a nasty cough and cold. my sinuses are clogged, and i have facial pressure. i've also been creating phlegm, and coughing pains my chest. i can't smell anything, and my muscles are aching. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
difficulty swallowing, unintentional weight loss, chest pain, hoarseness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have esophageal cancer
the high fever, swollen lymph nodes and headache are causing me a lot of trouble. i don't feel like eating anything and feel weak and fatigued. it's hard for me to concentrate on my daily life. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i can't stop sneezing, and i'm exhausted and sick. my throat is really uncomfortable, and there is a lot of junk in my nose and throat. my neck is also swollen and puffy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
fatigue, weakness, weight loss, low blood pressure, abdominal pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have glucocorticoid deficiency
i have pain near my pelvic region and vomit a lot. sometimes there is blood in my pee and there is almost a very foul smell in my urine.i sometimes get headches and have trouble sleeping due to this what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've been experiencing shortness of breath, a persistent cough, and a high fever. i've also been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum, and i'm feeling so drained and exhausted. it's been so hard to deal with all of this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
easy or excessive bruising, prolonged or excessive bleeding from cuts or injuries, frequent nosebleeds, heavy or prolonged menstrual periods, bleeding gums, blood in urine or stool what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have von willebrand disease
a sour, acidic taste is all over my mouth. belching and burping are common in me. i have pressure or fullness in my upper abdomen for a few hours. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i'm having a hard time breathing and i feel really uncomfortable. i'm sweating a lot and there's a lot of phlegm in my throat. my chest hurts and my heart is beating fast. the mucus i'm coughing up is brownish. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. since my joints have grown, it's hard for me to walk without getting stiff. additionally, walking has been extremely uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
my sinuses feel incredibly congested, and my eyes are continuously red. i just constantly feel drained and exhausted. in addition, i have a lot of uncomfortable phlegm in my throat. my lymph nodes feel bloated, and breathing has been challenging. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i'm feeling quite ill. i have a high fever and a headache. rashes appeared on my arms and face. i'm quite concerned about this. i saw red sores around my nose and lips today. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i've had a lot of sleepiness, a cough that refuses to go away, and breathing difficulty. i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid saliva and have a high fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have been suffering from a high fever for the last couple of days. sores are developing near my nose. the sores are painful and i am feeling very uncomfortable these days. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i've been experiencing a lot of problems with my bowel motions recently. it's difficult to go, and it hurts when i do. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's excruciatingly painful, and i'm quite uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i don't feel like eating, and swallowing is challenging. even after little meals, i frequently get this lingering sensation of fullness. my normal symptoms include nausea, heartburn, and tingling in my throat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
the cramps in my calves are becoming more frequent and intense, making it difficult for me to walk and do my daily activities. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i need to relieve myself regularly, but i can't seem to get my bladder to empty. on sometimes, i get intense, uncontrollable urges to urinate, along with dark or red urine. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've been coughing nonstop for days, and i also have respiratory issues. my fever is through the roof, and i'm so weak and worn out. all of these symptoms have been really challenging for me to control, what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i was in the middle of a meeting when i suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. it's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on the discussion since then. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've had a lot of itching on my skin, which occasionally turns into a rash. there are also some odd patches of skin that are a different hue than the rest of me, and i occasionally get little pimples that resemble nodules. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i have been vomiting frequently and have lost my appetite as a result. there are rashes on my skin and my eyes pain, because of which i cannot sleep properly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i felt good when i woke up this morning, but as the day wore on, i began to feel headachey, sick to my stomach, and dizzy. since then, it has been challenging for me to concentrate and focus on my work. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
fatigue, sore throat, swollen lymph nodes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mononucleosis
swollen lymph nodes, unexplained weight loss, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lymphoma
i always feel exhausted and have a tickle in my throat. my skin has also started to feel dry. i occasionally get ocular swelling. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i have a high fever and am really weak. my face has gotten sores. the blisters are itchy and painful. a yellow ooze frequently leaks from the wounds. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i suddenly experienced a headache, chest pain, and dizziness in the middle of a conference. since then, it has been challenging for me to concentrate and focus on the topic. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
along with chest pain, dizziness, and a headache that feels like a narrow zone around my head, i have been having a lot of trouble. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
my arms and neck have large lymph nodes, which itch when i touch them. the itching has made my day extremely uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i struggle to maintain focus, and my mental clarity is really poor. i have trouble remembering things and frequently forget stuff. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
my arms and face have small lymph nodes, which are starting to swell. my day has been made really miserable by the constant itching and pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i always feel exhausted, have bad taste, and have an extremely scratchy throat. i also have muscular pain and heat. my entire body simply cramps up occasionally. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
recently, i've felt quite weak and exhausted, and i've also had a cough that simply won't go away. my fever has been really high, and it has been challenging for me to catch my breath. i've been making a lot of mucous when i cough. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have been having severe itching, vomiting, and fatigue. i have also lost weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i am also experiencing abdominal pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i feel i have a skin condition. my face has rashes and little blisters around my nose. the wounds have turned red and painful, and a yellow liquid is oozing from them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
the skin on my genitals is red and inflamed. it is often itchy, burning, and uncomfortable. there are rashes on different parts of the body too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
primary stage: painless sores (chancre) at the site of infection, secondary stage: skin rash, fever, swollen lymph nodes, sore throat, latent stage: no symptoms, tertiary stage: severe complications affecting the heart, brain, and other organs what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have syphilis
sedation, relaxation, reduced anxiety, drowsiness, poor coordination, memory impairment, withdrawal symptoms (such as rebound anxiety, insomnia, tremors) when attempting to stop or reduce benzodiazepine use, continued use despite negative consequences (such as relationship problems, health risks) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have benzodiazepine use disorder
my throat and mouth are dry. i've also been getting hungry more and more. i do, however, occasionally feel rather exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i have a really high fever, and i'm having trouble breathing. i'm sweating a lot and feeling really cold and tired. my heart is beating really fast, and i have some brownish sputum what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
gradual loss of vision, visual field defects what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have low-tension glaucoma
i've been feeling awful, with a lot of congestion and a runny nose. i've been coughing a lot and having a lot of chest pain. my fever has been really high, and i've been experiencing severe muscular discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
there is a rash particularly bad around my nose, with large red sores that are painful and have yellow rust-colored ooze coming from them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have bloating and a feeling of uneasiness. i have been experiencing weight loss and a loss of appetite. sometimes i have dark and tarry stools and blood in my vomit what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
rash, itching, swelling, difficulty breathing, gastrointestinal symptoms what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have food allergy
i have a high fever, chills, and severe itching. i have a headache and am also perspiring a lot. i've been bothered by nausea as well as muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i've been experiencing chills, fever, and extreme stomach discomfort. i've been generally unhappy, and i can't seem to get rid of these symptoms. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i've had a pretty uncomfortable itch all over my body, as well as red and bumpy areas on my skin. there are also certain patches of my skin that are a different hue than the rest of it, and i've had some pimples that resemble little balls. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i have nasal congestion and a blocked nose. on occasion, during the night, i have stiffness and chest pain. i've also lost my senses of taste and smell. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been feeling very lousy, with a high temperature, shortness of breath, sweating, chills, and extreme weariness. my heart is beating, and i've been coughing up a lot of brownish phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
standing or walking for long periods of time has been causing a lot of pain in my legs. it feels like a cramp and becomes worse the longer i am on my feet. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i've been quite exhausted and ill. my throat has been quite painful, and i've had a fairly nasty cough. i've got a lot of chills and a pretty high temperature. simply put, i feel really run down and feeble. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been having breathing issues, a persistent cough, and exhaustion. i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum and have a very high fever. i'm just feeling so drained and tired from having to deal with all of this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
loose,watery stools what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diarrhea
i've been experiencing a lot of scratching, chills, vomiting, and a fever. i also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. additionally hurting me have been nausea and muscle soreness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
lump or swelling in the testicles, pain or discomfort, changes in testicular size or shape what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have testicular cancer
i've been experiencing muscular weakness and stiffness in my neck recently. my joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to walk about without becoming stiff. walking has also been excruciatingly uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
dizziness, low blood pressure, slow heart rate, nausea, vomiting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have antihypertensives poisoning
i'm feeling really sick and lost my appetite. i've seen little red patches on my arms, neck and face that itch when i touch them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
my nasal sores have crusted up and become difficult to touch. the wounds used to leak a yellow-rust coloured fluid. it is taking a lot longer to deal with using medication. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
raised, itchy welts on the skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urticaria (hives)
extreme mood swings,from manito depression what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bipolar disorder
lump, swelling, facial numbness, tingling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have adenoid cystic carcinoma
the skin around the veins on my legs is dry and flaky. it seems there is a major bruise and my legs have started to swell. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
my urine often has a weird odour, is crimson or black in colour, and both. my body's temperature has been fluctuating often, which typically keeps me up at night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've been throwing up and experiencing intense itching. along with losing weight, i'm also really exhausted. my skin has become yellow, and my fever is really high. i've been having stomach pain and my pee is black. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
increased energy and alertness, euphoria, decreased appetite, increased heart rate and blood pressure, insomnia, restlessness, irritability, paranoia, psychosis (in severe cases) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have stimulant use disorder
i've been experiencing chills, feeling worn out, and i can't seem to get rid of this cough. when i cough, my chest aches and my heart feels as like it is beating a million miles per hour. i'm coughing up a nasty rust-colored phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i've been quite itchy recently, and i have rashy places all over my body. there are also some regions that don't appear to be the typical hue of my skin, and i've experienced some firm lumps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i've been battling with back pain, a dry cough, and limb weakness. i've been feeling dizzy and unstable on my feet, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
lower abdominal pain and discomfort occurring around the time of ovulation what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mittelschmerz
my wound is recovering more slowly now. both my hands and feet are tingling and going numb. i feel very weak what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
seizures what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have epilepsy
swelling, pain, tenderness, difficulty eating what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have sialolithiasis
foot pain or achiness, difficulty with foot and ankle movement, foot fatigue, swelling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have flat feet
swelling in arms or legs, feeling of heaviness or tightness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lymphedema
i have been experiencing muscle pain and headache. the muscle pain feels like a constant ache and is worse when i try to use the affected muscles. there are small red spots developing on my face, neck and arms. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
excessive bleeding and bruising, prolonged bleeding from wounds or after dental work or surgery, spontaneous bleeding in joints or muscles what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hemophilia
persistent, painful erection what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have priapism
decreased urine output, fluid retention, fatigue, shortness of breath, nausea, confusion, chest pain, seizures what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have kidney failure
i've lost a lot of stuff because of my bloody stools, including iron and bloos. as a result, i now have anaemia and generally feel rather weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
severe neck pain, swelling, tenderness, difficulty moving or turning the head, numbness or weakness in the arms or legs what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fracture of the neck
i'm having trouble breathing, and my fever is really high. i'm drenched in sweat and shivering from the chill. my heart is thumping rapidly, and i'm quite exhausted. additionally, i'm about to have some brownish phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i have lost my appetite completely and can't seem to eat anything. i feel like vomiting and feel exhausted. i noticed rashes on my skin, which is really concerning me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've felt really scratchy, nauseated, and worn out. i also had a high fever and lost weight. both my skin and my urine have become yellow. i've also been experiencing stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
fatigue,shortness of breath,pale skin,lightheadedness,dizziness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anemia
i occasionally have burning in my upper abdomen throughout the day or at night. i regularly get severe heartburn, indigestion, and nausea. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
my skin always itches, and occasionally it becomes quite rough and red. in addition, i occasionally get little pimples that resemble tiny balls and certain spots that are a different colour from the rest of my skin. it severely irritates me and itches. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
impaired memory and cognition, altered judgment, anxiety what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have marijuana abuse
my muscles area unit quite weak, and my neck has been terribly stiff. my joints have swollen, making it hard on behalf of maine to steer regarding whereas not feeling stiff. walking has put together been terribly uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've been having a tough time with this constant cough, difficulty breathing, and fatigue. my fever is high, and i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum. it's all been rather draining and exhausting, and i'm feeling quite sick at the moment. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
recurrent episodes of binge eating without compensatory behaviors what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have binge eating disorder
i frequently get a scratchy voice or a painful throat when i wake up. i have bad breath and a continual sore throat. i also vomit a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have noticed that my skin has become more sensitive than it used to be. there is a silver like dusting on my skin, especially on my back and elbows. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. my neck hurts, and i've been feeling lightheaded and unsteady. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i am experiencing constipation and stomach ache. the discomfort has gotten worse, and it is seriously interfering with my everyday life. i feel like i have lost my appetite to eat anything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have been suffering from itching, vomiting, and fatigue. i have also lost weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been experiencing abdominal pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
lately i've been experiencing chills, fatigue, a cough, a high fever, and difficulty breathing. i've been sweating a lot and just feeling really sick and weak. i've also had some phlegm that's been really thick and dark. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
muscle twitches or cramps, fatigue, weakness, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, irritability, mental confusion, irregular heartbeat, tingling or numbness, personality changes, seizures what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have magnesium deficiency
pelvic pain (during menstruation, intercourse, or bowel movements), heavy menstrual bleeding, infertility what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have endometriosis
headache, dizziness, nausea, confusion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have carbon monoxide poisoning
my muscles have been feeling rather weak lately, but my neck has been really strong. my joints have swollen, making it challenging for me to move about. it has also been excruciatingly difficult to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
my joints and back pain everyday. i feel like vomitting and this has made me very weak. because of my body pain, i am not able to focus on my work and don’t feel like doing anything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i have a rash on my legs that is giving me a lot of pain. there appears to be a cramp, and i can see visible veins on the calf. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
high levels of cholesterol in the blood what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cholesterol
i have persistant, gnawing hunger and apetite. sometimes i get abdominal cramps and spasms. there is bloating and gas after eating which causes me a great deal of uneasiness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
difficulty getting,keeping an erection what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have erectile dysfunction
itching and irritation in the vagina and vulva, redness and swelling of the vulva, white, thick, clumpy vaginal discharge (resembling cottage cheese), burning sensation during urination, pain during sexual intercourse, rash or soreness in the affected area what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vaginal yeast infection
i've been suffering with chills, tiredness, and a cough recently. i've been sweating tremendously and feeling overall unwell and weak. i've also had some thick, black phlegm. my chest aches, and my heart has been racing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i have indigestion and heartburn. i frequently vomit everything i eat, and it is hard for me to swallow since food gets caught in my throat. my upper abdomen is in discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have been experiencing digestive issues, including acidity and indigestion, as well as frequent headaches and impaired vision, excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i have been feeling extremely tired and fatigued, and i have no energy to do anything. the fatigue is so severe that i struggle to get out of bed. i have noticed small red spots on my arms and legs.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i have trouble breathing and easily get out of breath. my face and torso are swollen, my eyes hurt, and i have a dry, hacking cough. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
the veins on my legs are very noticeable and are causing me a lot of discomforts. they are swollen and protrude from my skin, making them visible through my clothing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
excessive sweating (beyond what is necessary for temperature regulation), typically in specific areas (such as palms, soles, underarms), may interfere with daily activities what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hyperhidrosis
intense itching, especially at night, small blisters or bumps what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have scabies
irregular or rapid heartbeat, palpitations, shortness of breath, chest pain or discomfort, dizziness or lightheadedness, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have atrial fibrillation
i've been struggling with fatigue and a constant cough that's been making it difficult to breathe. my fever is high, and i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i've been experiencing a lot of itching on my skin, and sometimes it turns into a rash. there are also some strange patches of skin that are a different color than the rest of me, and sometimes i get little bumps that look like nodules. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i have an itchy skin and lots of red bumps on my arms and legs. there are some weird looking spots on my skin too. and sometimes there are bumps that feel kind of hard. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i've been having a lot of trouble staying hydrated because of the vomiting and diarrhea. i have a high fever, constipation, and a headache. i am also starting to get a strange pain in my stomach area and i can't do anything physical. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i'm running a high temperature. near my nose, red sores are forming. the lesions are painful, and yellow rust-colored fluid is oozing from them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i've been having a very unhealthy rash on my skin latterly. it's filled with pus-filled pimples and blackheads. my skin has additionally been scurring heaps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
the rash on my skin has spread to other parts of my body, including my chest and abdomen. it is itchy and uncomfortable, and it is often worse at night. i am also facing skin peeling. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been feeling exhausted and weak, and i can't seem to get rid of it. because of the vomiting and nausea, i've entirely lost my appetite. my belly pains which are causing me concern. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
abnormal vaginal bleeding, pelvic pain or discomfort, changes in bowel or bladder habits what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have endometrial cancer
back pain, a persistent cough, and arm and leg weakness have been bothering me. i've been experiencing neck pain, balance issues, and dizziness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
my bloody stools have caused me to lose a lot of things, including iron and bloos. i now have anaemia as a result, and i typically feel rather weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i am having a terrible pain in my abdominal part, and i've been feeling really nauseated. i'm also experiencing a mild fever. i am really worried. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
my skin has developed a terrible rash that is not inherited. it has a lot of blackheads and pus-filled pimples. furthermore, my skin has been exceedingly sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
headache, fever, neurological deficits what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have intracranial abscess
i've been experiencing a lot of itching, which has been accompanied with a rash that appears to be growing worse over time. there are also certain areas of skin that are different colours from the rest, and i've spotted several lumps that resemble little nodes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i feel quite weak, and my lymph nodes are enlarged. my eyes are burning, and my throat hurts. my sinuses are under strain, and my nose is stuffy. i can't smell anything, and my chest hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i've been having trouble going to the bathroom. it's been really hard to go and it hurts when i do. my anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when i go. it's really painful and i'm really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
pain,stiffness,swelling,inflammation in the joints what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
increased appetite, relaxation, altered perception of time, impaired memory and concentration, bloodshot eyes, anxiety or paranoia (in some individuals), withdrawal symptoms (such as irritability, insomnia) when attempting to stop or reduce cannabis use, continued use despite negative consequences (such as relationship problems, job difficulties) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cannabis use disorder
i've just developed a severe rash on my skin. it's clogged with pus-filled pimples and blackheads. my skin has also been quite sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have been experiencing a severe headache that is accompanied by pain behind my eyes. i feel tired and fatigued because of which i cannot work all day. i am worried about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
the swelling in my legs has gotten worse over the past few weeks and is causing me difficulty fitting into my shoes. it is also causing discomfort when i sit for long periods of time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
fatigue, pale skin, frequent infections, easy bleeding or bruising what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have leukemia
difficulty swallowing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have achalasia
curvature of the penis, pain during erections what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peyronie disease
ear pain (particularly behind the ear), swelling and redness of the ear or the area behind the ear, fever, headache, hearing loss or impaired hearing, drainage of fluid or pus from the ear, earache, irritability (in infants and young children), tenderness or pain when touching the area, mastoid bone protrusion or swelling what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mastoiditis
itchy skin, particularly on the hands and feet what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gestational cholestasis
i've experienced severe itching, chills, nausea, and a high fever. along with having a headache, i'm also perspiring a lot. i've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
sedation, relaxation, reduced anxiety, drowsiness, poor coordination, memory impairment, withdrawal symptoms (such as rebound anxiety, insomnia, tremors) when attempting to stop or reduce use, continued use despite negative consequences (such as relationship problems, health risks) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have sedative, hypnotic, or anxiolytic use disorder
optic neuritis (vision loss, pain with eye movement), transverse myelitis (weakness, numbness, or paralysis of the limbs, loss of bladder or bowel control) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have neuromyelitis optica
persistent cough with thick mucus, recurrent lung infections, poor growth or weight gain, salty-tasting skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cystic fibrosis
pain in the lower right abdomen,nausea,vomiting,fever what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have appendicitis
walking is tough for me because of cramps in my calves. obesity, i believe, is the cause of this. after a while of working, i'm exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
initially, i developed small red sores near my nose and neck. now, i am having a high fever and the sores have become more painful and inflamed over the past few days. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
hey, i've got a dry cough, trouble breathing, and a high fever. i'm producing a lot of mucus and am feeling quite weak and exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i've been feeling sick and feel a strong need to vomit. there is a sharp ache behind my eyes, and swollen red dots all over my back. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've been experiencing high fever, especially at night. it's been really uncomfortable. there is a mild headache along with constipation and diarrhea. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
progressive muscle weakness and degeneration, difficulty walking or moving, muscle wasting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have muscular dystrophy
i get breathing issues and wheezing, which are asthma symptoms. i regularly have fevers and headaches. i constantly feel worn out. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
my fever is through the roof, and i'm so weak and tired out. i've been coughing up a lot of mucous, and managing all of these symptoms has been really hard. everything is making me so upset. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
runny nose,sneezing,sore throat,cough,congestion what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have been experiencing chest pain, dizziness, and a headache that feels like a continual pressure in my forehead. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
mild to moderate head pain, tightness or pressure sensation on both sides of head what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have tension headache
i've been experiencing severe muscular weakness, and my neck has been really stiff. it has been difficult to move about since my joints have swollen. it has been really uncomfortable to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
eye redness, pain or discomfort, blurred or decreased vision, increased sensitivity to light what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cornea infection
varies depending on the underlying cause what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have secondary glaucoma
i've been suffering from severe itching all over my body, along with a fever and headache. the red spots are starting to swell and it is getting really uncomfortable every day. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, and frequent headaches, as well as blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i've had low temps and bloody urine for the past four days. my pee smells terrible, and my head hurts like hell. i scarcely have any control over when i urinate, and the urges strike without warning. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
regularly have indigestion and heartburn, especially after eating spicy or fatty foods. my chest pain is worse when i hunch over or lie down. additionally, my chest hurts a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
most of the time i feel fatigued. i don't want to eat anything. i get a high fever and chills every night. moreover, i have been vomiting since yesterday. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
bending down or reclining down only makes my stomach feel more. i have pain after eating some foods, such as hot or acidic food. i occasionally get loose stools as a result of this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
my lower abdomen aches, and it feels like it may explode when i urinate. since i began experiencing these new symptoms, my body temperature has been consistently low. that's why i've been weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've recently been battling a pretty itchy rash on my skin. there are pus-filled pimples and blackheads all over it. my skin has also been scurring a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
neurological symptoms that cannot be explained by a medical condition or injury, such as paralysis, blindness, seizures, or difficulty speaking what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have conversion disorder
persistent hunger, weight loss, dehydration, visible peristalsis, palpable mass, fussiness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pyloric stenosis
i initially had rashes on my face and near my nose. but now the rash is spreading down my arms and legs. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles lately and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have been swollen and it's hard for me to move around. it's also been painful to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
my temperature is very high, and i'm having a hard time breathing. i'm sweating profusely, and i'm shaking with chills. i'm really tired, and my heart is beating really fast. i also have some brownish phlegm coming up what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
my skin has been really itchy and there are these rashy spots all over. there are also some patches that look different in color than the rest of my skin, and i've had some bumps that are kind of hard. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
the high fever and swollen lymph nodes are causing me much discomfort. i have a headache and feel weak and fatigued. it's hard for me to concentrate because of the fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've been having issues with exhaustion, a dry cough, and breathing. i have a very high fever and have been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
my coordination has been off, and i've been experiencing a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. additionally, i've had trouble concentrating and focusing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i am experiencing a decrease in my sex drive and difficulty to fucntion sexually. i feel very light headed and confused and often experince brain fog what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i have respiratory issues and experience breathlessness. my face and torso are swollen, my eyes are itching, and i have a dry, hacking cough. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
on my arms and legs, i have a lot of red pimples and itchy skin. my skin also has a few odd-looking lesions. and occasionally there are bumps that are somewhat uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
extreme mood swings,from manito depression what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bipolar disorder
decreased kidney function what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acute kidney injury (aki) 
i had a headache and chest pain this morning, and as the day wore on, i also started to feel unsteady and unstable on my feet. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i woke up this morning and found that i have a really nasty rash all over my skin. there are a ton of blackheads and pimples that are filled with pus. my skin has also been really scurrying. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
for the past few weeks, i've had a skin rash on my arms, legs, and chest. it's red and irritating, with dry, scaly spots. i have a strange pain in my joints too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i have no energy and have lost my appetite. i'm feeling really sick and don't know what's wrong. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
along with a change in taste and smell, my tongue also has a metallic aftertaste. occasionally get severe joint and muscular pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
my nose always feels stuffy and congested, and my eyes are always red and itching. i have a feeling of being unwell and fatigued, and i keep hacking up this gunk. i have a scratchy, irritated throat, and i've seen that my neck's bumps are larger than usual. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
low blood sugar (hypoglycemia) symptoms (e.g., confusion, sweating) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have insulin overdose
extreme itchiness, sickness, and exhaustion have all been plaguing me. in addition, i developed a fever and lost weight. my pee is black, and i've developed a yellow rash. additionally, i've had stomach ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have seen rashes on my skin, and it's difficult for me not to scratch. also, i've had a high fever for several days. i'm not sure what's causing it. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
high blood pressure, proteinuria, swelling, headaches, visual disturbances what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have preeclampsia
i've started getting sores on my face and nose. i have no idea what is causing this. my cheek sores are large and irritating to the touch, and i have a burning feeling and skin redness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
my neck has been very tight and my muscles have felt quite weak recently. it's tough on behalf of me to maneuver around while not changing into stiff thanks to my swollen joints. walking has additionally been very uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
there is a silver like dusting on my skin, especially on my lower back and scalp. this dusting is made up of small scales that flake off easily when i scratch them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i'm feeling really sick and uncomfortable like something is wrong inside. i don't know what it could be. i noticed small red spots on my arms, which itches if i touch them. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
abdominal or flank pain, blood in urine, frequent urination what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have benign kidney cyst
my nails are starting to have small pits on them. i am worried and don't know what is causing it. also, my joints pain and there are rashes on my arms and back. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
sexually transmitted infection that can cause burning during urination,discharge from the penis or vagina,pain in the lower abdomen what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gonorrhea
the diarrhea has been quite fluid and smelly, and it has been accompanied by severe abdominal pain and headache. most of the time, i feel like vomiting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
muscle pain and stiffness, joint pain, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have polymyalgia rheumatica
i have red spots on my arms and legs and itching them makes it difficult for me to sleep at night. i also have severe headaches and a mild fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
as well as with excessive appetite, a tense neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance, i've also been having indigestion, headaches, blurred vision, and acid reflux. these symptoms have been disturbing me and interfering with my usual activities. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
tremors,slow movement,stiffness,difficulty with balance,coordination what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have parkinson's disease
increased thirst,frequent urination,unexplained weight loss,fatigue,blurred vision,cuts that are slow to heal what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
back pain, a persistent cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. i've had trouble staying balanced and experiencing dizziness, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i've had intense aches in my chest, a headache that won't go away, and i've been feeling dizzy and unsteady. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've been having a lot of trouble with my bowel movements lately. it's hard to go and it hurts when i do. my anus is really sore and it's been bleeding when i go. it's really painful and i'm really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i have been suffering from acid reflux, indigestion, frequent headaches, and impaired vision, as well as excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
my skin has now developed a revolting rash. there are pus-filled pimples and blackheads everywhere. my skin has also been really sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
fatigue, weakness, pale skin, shortness of breath, tingling or numbness in the hands and feet, balance problems, sore tongue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vitamin b12 deficiency
pain,swelling,redness,warmth,tenderness in the affected area,shortness of breath,chest pain,difficulty breathing,coughing up blood what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have blood clot
my symptoms include a headache, chest pain, dizziness, lack of balance, and trouble concentrating. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i have developed skin rashes made up of blistering sores. the blistering sores are raised, fluid-filled lesions and they are painful to touch. i am also suffering from a high fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have been feeling nauseous and have a constant urge to vomit. there is a strong pain behind my eyes and there are small red spots all over my arms. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
reduced hearing sensitivity, muffled or blocked sound what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have conductive hearing loss
severe eye pain, blurred vision, halos around lights what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acute glaucoma
i've been feeling really drained and cold, and i can't stop coughing. it hurts in my chest when i do, and my heart feels like it's racing. the mucus i'm coughing up is a gross brownish color. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i've had back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. my neck hurts, and i've been feeling off-balance and woozy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
redness, swelling, discharge, foul odor around the umbilical area what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have omphalitis
i have a mild temperature and blood in my pee. my head hurts almost constantly, and i frequently experience severe, involuntary desires to urinate. additionally, i've been experiencing lower back ache what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've been getting chills, feeling tired, and i can't seem to shake this cough. my chest aches and my heart feels like it's racing at a million miles per hour when i cough. i'm coughing out a foul rusty phlegm. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
fatigue, weakness, bone pain, frequent urination, kidney stones what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have parathyroid adenoma
there is a constant behind my eyes. i have developed red spots on my neck and face and rashes on my arms. my arms and legs pain a lot. . the spots are itchy and uncomfortable and it is worrying me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've been having a lot of problems using the restroom recently. it's been excruciatingly uncomfortable, and i've been feeling agony in my anus. my stool has been bloody as well, and my anus has been really inflamed. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i have headaches and migraines, and i have been having difficulties sleeping. my entire body has been shaking and twitching. sometimes i become lightheaded. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high fever are all part of my current condition. besides having a headache, i've been perspiring a lot. i've been uncomfortable from nausea and muscle ache, too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i have been experiencing stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
sharp, shooting pain along the affected nerve what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have neuralgia
along with a headache and chest pain, i also experienced fainting and balance issues. additionally, i've discovered that it's hard for me to focus. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've been rather itchy recently, and i have rashy blotches all over my skin. there are also certain regions that are more dark in color than the rest of my skin, and i've got some painful lumps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
after eating, i frequently feel unwell and throw up the entire meal. i suffer from painful acid reflux and excruciating stomach discomfort all the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i woke up this morning to find that i have a terrible rash all over my body. blackheads and pus-filled pimples are all over the place. additionally, my skin has been changing a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
back discomfort, a persistent cough, and weakness in my limbs have been bothering me. i have issues with vertigo and losing my equilibrium, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i've been having a really hard time going to the bathroom lately. it's really painful and i'm only able to go every few days. there's also a lot of pain in my anus and around that area. my stool has been really bloody and my anus feels really irritated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
my throat feels as though food or acid is backing up. lying down only makes my chest pain more. i regularly have heartburn or indigestion after eating and puke up. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have a sore throat and frequently sneeze. sometimes the skin around my eyes and my lips swells. i just can't stop sneezing once i get going. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
severe abdominal pain, bloody stools, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, fever, rapid heart rate, low blood pressure what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ischemia of the bowel
knee pain, swelling, inability to straighten the leg what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dislocation of the patella
i have been suffering from severe joint ache. i feel vomiting most of the time, and i am developing a moderate fever with chills. the fever that doesn't seem to come down even with medication. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've recently been dealing with an itching rash on my skin. it's covered in pus-filled pimples and blackheads. my skin has also been quite sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i've lost a lot of weight in the last week because i couldn't eat much due to nausea and vomiting. this is followed by a high fever, headache, and stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have been feeling itchy and have been vomiting. i am also very fatigued and have lost weight. my fever is high and my skin has become yellow. my urine is dark and i have abdominal pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i woke up this morning to find a really nasty rash on my skin. there are a ton of blackheads and pimples that are filled with pus. my skin has also been really scurrying. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
along with impaired seeing, excessive eating, a sore neck, melancholy, impatience, and constant headaches, i've also been fighting heartburn, acid reflux, and indigestion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i get frequent heartburn and indigestion, especially eating spicy foods or fatty foods. i get chest pain that gets worse when i lie down or bend over. i also often have chest pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
the rash on my skin is causing a lot of discomforts. it's red and inflamed, spreading all over my body. the rash is accompanied by intense itching, especially on my arms and legs. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've had a high fever for the past few days. i don't know what's causing it. also, i noticed rashes on my skin and it's hard for me to resist scratching. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, headaches, indigestion, and acid reflux, i've also been experiencing sadness, impatience, and visual distortion. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
ear pain, fever, fluid drainage from the ear what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have otitis media
my bowel motions are giving me a lot of problems right now. going is difficult, and going hurts when i do it. when i go, my anus bleeds and is really uncomfortable. i'm in a lot of discomfort and it hurts extremely bad. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i'm worried about these red spots on my skin. it's spreading rapidly and causing a lot of problems. i also developed a mild fever and headache every night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've had trouble falling asleep because of the rash's pain and itching. the skin on my fingers are starting to peel off. my nails have a few tiny cracks, which is really worrying.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
benign tumors in various organs, seizures, developmental delays, skin abnormalities what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have tuberous sclerosis
i've been quite constipated lately, and going to the restroom has been excruciatingly uncomfortable. i've also observed blood in my stool, and my anus has been aggravated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
eye pain, swelling, redness, vision changes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have orbital cellulitis
i have been experiencing severe back pain, a cough that produces phlegm, and weakness in my muscles. my neck also hurts and i have been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i awoke this morning to see a horrible rash on my skin. there are several blackheads and pimples loaded with pus. my skin has also been scurrying about. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
wheezing, shortness of breath, chest tightness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acute bronchospasm
i've had a pretty uncomfortable itch all over my body, as well as red and bumpy areas on my skin. there are also certain patches of my epidermis with a distinct shade than the rest of it, and i've had some pimples that resemble little balls. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
swollen blood vessels in the esophagus, vomiting blood, black, tarry stools what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have esophageal varices
i have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. i also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. my discomfort has also been brought on by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
back pain, a dry cough, and stiffness in my arms and legs have been bothering me. i've had problems staying balanced and experience dizziness, and my neck hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i get symptoms of asthma, such as wheezing and breathing problems. i frequently have headaches and fever. all the time, i feel exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
abdominal pain, jaundice (yellowing of the skin and eyes), unexplained weight loss, loss of appetite, fatigue, nausea, vomiting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have liver cancer
along with a persistent cough, weakness in my arms and legs, and severe back pain, i've been having a lot of trouble. i've experienced issues with vertigo and balance loss, and my neck is hurting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
recurrent episodes of binge eating followed by purging behaviors what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bulimia nervosa
the itching is making it hard for me to sleep at night. i can't get any rest. i have also lost my appetite and feel lethargic. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
itchy, red, inflamed skin, rash what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have eczema
i have been feeling nauseous and have a constant urge to vomit. i get high fever and chills every night and feel terrible because of this. also, i feel i have lost my appetite. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
mood swings, bloating, breast tenderness, irritability what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have premenstrual tension syndrome
i been having very low temperatues and a very foul smelling pee. the area near my kidneys hurt a lot and i cant seem to hold my pee. i often get these uncontrollable urges what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
redness, pain, tenderness, swelling, skin changes, lymph node enlargement what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cellulitis
constipated and diarrheal bowel motions have been happening to me. i frequently have a lack of energy and appetite. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
long durations of standing or walking have caused severe discomfort in my legs. it's a burning ache that gets worse the longer i'm on my feet. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
high blood pressure, chest pain or discomfort, shortness of breath, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertensive heart disease
fever, fatigue, body aches, heart and digestive problems what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chagas disease
i am quite queasy and dizzy when i have a temperature. my brain is completely cloudy, and my heart is racing. i'm having trouble thinking straight, and everything seems a little fuzzy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
fever,cough,runny nose,red eyes,sore throat,rash what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have measles
i have increased thirst and frequent urination. i often have a dry mouth and throat. recently i have been having increased hunger and appetite what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i've been drinking more water and urinating more frequently. my throat and mouth frequently feel dry. recently, both my hunger and appetite have grown. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
the cramps in my calves are making it difficult for me to walk. i feel fatigued after working for some time. i believe obesity is the reason behind this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have been experiencing a lot of bloating and constipation, and it's been really uncomfortable. it feels like there's a lot of pressure and pain in my belly area. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
my skin has simply nonheritable a nasty rash. it's packed with pus-filled pimples and blackheads. my skin has been very sensitive moreover. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
my neck has been really tight, and my muscles have been rather weak. i have swelling joints that make it hard for me to move without getting stiff. additionally, walking has been quite unpleasant. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
there are red, bumpy areas on my skin, and i've been scratching myself nonstop. additionally, i have some bumps that resemble little lumps and some spots that are a different shade of skin than the rest of my body. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
sensation of a foreign object stuck in the throat, difficulty swallowing or speaking what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have foreign body in the throat
my appetite and chronic hunger are both ferocious. my stomach may occasionally ache and spasm. i have gas and bloating after eating, which is really painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i've had a lot of bloating and constipation, which has been really painful. there is a lot of pressure and pain in my stomach area. i get a high fever and chills every night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
joint pain, fatigue, skin rashes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lupus
i have a frequent need to urinate and often have these uncontrollable urges. i feel dizzy and often confused. i have also been loss of visuals what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i've had trouble sleeping because of the itching and pain produced by the rash. my nails have little dents, which is really alarming. there is a noticeable inflammation in my nails. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i've been experiencing terrible itching and nausea. i've lost weight and am also really exhausted. my skin has become yellow and i have a severe temperature. i have dark urine and stomach ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
the rash on my skin is worse in the winter months when the air is dry. i find that i have to moisturize more frequently and use humidifiers to keep my skin hydrated. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
pain, swelling, deformity, limited mobility or difficulty moving the arm, bruising what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fracture of the arm
double vision, eye fatigue, poor depth perception, head tilting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have eye alignment disorder
i have a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and severe itching. in addition, i've been perspiring a lot and have a headache. i've also been bothered by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
standing or walking for long periods of time causes a lot of pain in my legs. i get cramps upon doing physical activities. there are bruise marks on my legs too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have blurred vision and it only seems to be getting worse. i feel fatigued and tired all the time. i also feel very dizzy and light headed at times what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
with my persistent cough, respiratory issues, and exhaustion, i've been struggling. i have a high fever and have been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum while coughing. i currently feel rather sick as a result of how draining and tiresome everything has been. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have been suffering from back pain, a hacking cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. additionally, my neck hurts and i have had issues with dizziness and maintaining my balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
white patches or plaques in the mouth, often on the tongue or inside of the cheeks, that cannot be scraped off what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have oral leukoplakia
i have a lot of itching all over my skin, and sometimes it gets really red and bumpy. there are also some patches that are different colors than the rest of my skin, and sometimes i get these little bumps that look like little balls. it's really annoying and itchy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i have a high fever and a mild headache. i'm tired most of the time and completely lost my appetite. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
my vision is blurry, and it feels like it's getting worse. all the time, i feel worn out and fatigued. i occasionally have extreme lightheadedness and vertigo as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i'm having severe stomach pain and constipation. every night, i get a headache and chills. the last few days have been really painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i've recently had chills, exhaustion, a cough, a high temperature, and breathing issues. i've been perspiring a lot and generally feeling weak and ill. i've had some quite thick and black phlegm. my heart has been racing quite quickly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i have been feeling fine all day, but suddenly developed a headache, chest pain, and dizziness while driving home from work. it's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on the road since then. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
there are red sores on my face and near my nose. i have noticed that the rash is spreading more quickly on my neck and chest. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have been swelling up and i've been having a lot of stiffness when i move around. it's also been really painful to walk. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
chest pain (sharp and stabbing), worsens with deep breaths or lying down, fever what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pericarditis
back pain, a coughing cough, and numbness in my arms and legs have been plaguing me. in addition, my neck hurts, and i've having trouble staying balanced and without getting woozy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
feeling extremely exhausted and have had this persistent cough. it's been hard for me to catch my breath, and my fever is very high. i've also been producing a lot of mucus when i cough what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
decreased urine output, swelling in the legs and ankles, and signs of fluid overload, severe kidney damage what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ethylene glycol poisoning-3
inflammation of the liver what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hepatitis
lower back pain, discomfort in the pelvic area what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pregnancy-related back pain
abdominal pain, bleeding, organ dysfunction what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have injury to internal organ
i've been having a lot of problems with itching, and it's been accompanied by a rash that seems to be getting worse over time. there are also some patches of skin that are different colors than the rest, and i've noticed some bumps that look like little nodes. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
red,itchy,watery eyes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have conjunctivitis
i've gained a lot of weight and am now quite fat. my appetite varies, and i have desires for various things. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i have a high fever, chills, and severe itching. along with my headache and excessive sweating, i've been terrible with nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
increased energy and alertness, decreased appetite, rapid heartbeat what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug abuse (methamphetamine)
fever,sore throat,fatigue,swollen lymph nodes,rash what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mononucleosis
abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, bloating, constipation, bloody stool what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have volvulus
i have a high fever, chills, and severe itching. in addition, i have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i've been feeling awful with nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i always feel exhausted, have a bad taste in my mouth, and my throat itches a lot. also heated and painful are my muscles. my entire body can cramp up at times. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i'm coughing nonstop and i'm shivering terribly. i have a stuffy nose and my face is under strain. in addition, my throat is coughing up some nasty gunk, and my chest hurts. my muscles hurt a lot, and i can't smell anything. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
red, swollen, itchy bumps what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have insect bites
i always have foul breath and a sour taste in my mouth, and occasionally, the tingling in my throat makes it difficult to swallow meals. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
sore throat, fever, painful sores or blisters in the mouth and throat, difficulty swallowing, loss of appetite what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have herpangina
the sores around my nose have become crusted over and are difficult to touch. a yellow-rust coloured ooze used to come out of the sores. it is taking much more time to handle. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i've been experiencing bowel movements that are both constipated and diarrhoeic. i often lack the will to eat and energy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i often feel sick after eating and puke up the entire meal. i constantly get excruciating acid reflux and severe stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have a high fever, severe itching, chills, and vomiting. i also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. my discomfort has also been brought on by nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i have developed red spots on my body that are itchy and inflamed. i am also experiencing high fever along with chills and shivering.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've been experiencing intense itchiness, nausea, and exhaustion. i also had a high fever and lost weight. both my skin and my urine have become yellow. additionally, my stomach hurts. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
blurred or distorted vision, eye strain, headaches,uneven curvature of cornea what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have astigmatism
my skin has a silvery film, particularly on my back, arms and scalp. this dusting is composed of tiny scales that easily peel off when scratched. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i'm having trouble breathing and am quite uneasy. my throat is filled with a lot of phlegm, and i'm perspiring a lot. my heart is racing, and my chest aches. i'm coughing up reddish mucous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
my neck has been really stiff, and i've had terrible muscle weakness. due to the swelling in my joints, it has been challenging to move about. walking has been quite unpleasant. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i've been experiencing a high fever, a persistent cough, and shortness of breath. i've also been producing a lot of thick, mucoid sputum, and i'm feeling very tired and weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i feel bloated and uneasy at the same time. i've been losing weight, and i no longer like eating. i occasionally get bloody vomit and dark, tarry stools. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
difficulty urinating,blood in the urine,pain in the back or hips,erectile dysfunction what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have prostate cancer
pain in the lower right abdomen,nausea,vomiting,fever what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acute appendicitis
i often sneeze and have a runny nose. my eyes are scratchy and frequently runny, and i frequently cough. my head hurts constantly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
painful ulcers or sores on the genital area, swollen lymph nodes in the groin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chancroid
i have been experiencing a severe fever that is accompanied by pain behind my eyes and headache. i feel tired and exhasuted because of which i cannot do any work. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've been having chills and feeling really worn out, and this cough won't go away. my chest hurts when i cough, and my heart is racing. the mucus i'm bringing up is a gross brownish color. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
my tongue also changes in taste and scent, leaving a metallic aftertaste. can have excruciating joint and muscle pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
over the last week, the rash on my face has gotten more severe and painful, and the sores have begun to discharge a yellow colored fluid. it's becoming increasingly painful by the day. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have been struggling with back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my muscles. my neck hurts and i have had problems with dizziness and loss of balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
rough, scaly patches on the skin, usually in sun-exposed areas what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have actinic keratosis
i've been exhausted and chilly, and i can't stop coughing. when i do, it pains in my chest and makes my heart race. my coughing mucous has a disgusting brownish hue. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i've been getting a lot of bowel issues recently. it's difficult for me to go, and it hurts when i do. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's excruciatingly painful, and i'm quite uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i don't feel like eating, and swallowing is challenging. even after eating little meals, i frequently get this lingering sense of fullness. typically, i have heartburn, nausea, and tingling in my throat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have been experiencing extreme fatigue and a high fever. there are rashes near my nose and mouth. the rash is itchy and makes it very difficult for me to sleep. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
persistent pain or discomfort in the vulva, burning, stinging, rawness, itching what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have vulvodynia
i have been experiencing severe joint pain that makes it difficult for me to move and perform my daily activities. also, i have lost my apetite because of which i feel weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
painful urination, frequent urination, pelvic pain, cloudy urine what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection (uti)
my muscles have been quite weak, and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to walk about without becoming stiff. walking has also been excruciatingly uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
i have itchy and red skin. sometimes these result in flaking. my face and lips puff up and causes a lot of inconvinience. i get watery eyes sometimes and headches when the puffing gets severe what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
blood in the urine,pain or burning when urinating,frequent urination,urgency to urinate,incontinence what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bladder cancer
i've been feeling truly frail in my muscles recently and my neck has been truly solid. swollen joints make it difficult for me to move around. walking has also been difficult. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
headache, dizziness, nausea or vomiting, confusion, memory problems, sensitivity to light or noise, mood changes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have concussion
i have both bloating and unease. i no longer like eating because i've been losing weight. i sometimes vomit blood and have tarry, black stools. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i've been feeling extremely scratchy, sick, and worn out. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i have been experiencing stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
after eating, i get queasy and frequently throw up everything i've eaten. i always get severe abdominal ache and have terrible acid reflux. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have been dealing with back pain, a persistent cough, and weakness in my limbs. my neck is sore and i have had issues with dizziness and loss of balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
fatigue, weakness, shortness of breath, pale skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anemia due to malignancy
frequent urination, urgency, pelvic pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bladder disorder
frequent urination, increased thirst, weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have type 1 diabetes
fatigue, weakness, pale skin, shortness of breath, decreased exercise tolerance what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anemia of chronic disease
there are red spots all over my body that i can't explain. the spots are itchy and starting to swell, and they are spreading rapidly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i have a stomach ache that keeps me from falling or staying asleep. after using the restroom, i feel worn out and lose interest in food. i'm constantly pretty anxious. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have severe nausea and chest discomfort. i have been having chest discomfort lately. i often shiver a lot and feel really nervous. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i have a rash all over my body, and i can't stop scratching because my skin is itchy. my skin also has a few spots where the hue is altered and some lumps and knot-like pimples. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
i've been feeling really scratchy, dizzy, and worn out. in addition, i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark, and my skin has turned yellow. additionally, i get stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
heel pain, especially when walking or standing, tenderness, swelling, inflammation of the surrounding tissue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bone spur of the calcaneus
my muscles have been really weak, and my neck has been extremely stiff. my joints have swollen, making it difficult to move about. walking has been excruciatingly uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
my skin is very sensitive and reacts easily to changes in temperature or humidity. i often have to be careful about what products i use on my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, depression, impatience, and visual disturbance, i've also been suffering indigestion, headaches, blurred vision, and stomach problems. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i've been experiencing intense itching and nausea. i have lost weight and am also really exhausted. my skin has become yellow, and i have a severe fever. i have dark urine, and i've been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have a high fever accompanied with severe headache and body pain. i experince chills every night. there is a distinct pain behind my eyes too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
chest pain or discomfort (angina), shortness of breath, fatigue, irregular heartbeat, dizziness, nausea, sweating, jaw or arm pain (in some cases), heart attack (when a coronary artery becomes completely blocked) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have coronary atherosclerosis
abnormal pap test results,abnormal vaginal bleeding,pain during sex what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical cancer
i've been experiencing balance issues, a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. my ability to concentrate and focus has also been challenging. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
my muscles have been quite weak, and i've been coughing up phlegm along with significant back discomfort. in addition to feeling weak and disoriented, my neck has been hurting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
headache, confusion, dizziness, nausea or vomiting, seizures, weakness or numbness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have subdural hemorrhage
swelling, pain, dry mouth, bad taste what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have submandibular stones
i have been having severe itching, vomiting, and fatigue. i have also lost weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i am also experiencing abdominal pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
severe and persistent pain, changes in skin color or temperature, swelling, stiffness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have complex regional pain syndrome (crps)
i frequently feel the want to urinate and frequently have these strong cravings. i frequently feel woozy and bewildered. i've also had sight loss. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
my legs' swelling has become worse over the last couple of days. i can see the blood vessels protruding out of the skin. this is quite unusual. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i get a burning sensation when i pee. sometimes a lot of pain and foul smelling urine. i have been getting more urges to urinate at night what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
pain or tenderness on the outer side of the elbow, weak grip strength, difficulty with forearm movements what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lateral epicondylitis (tennis elbow)
i have difficulty swallowing food and often get a sensation of the food getting stuck in my throat. i have constant belching and bloating. there is a persitent sour taste in my mouth what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have heartburn and indigestion. i often vomit whatever i eat and have difficultly swallowing food, beacuse the food gets stuck in my throat. i have a nagging pain in my upper abdomen what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
my monthly cycle has changed, and i've had an unexpected vaginal discharge. i frequently experience mood swings and experience occasional agitation. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
swelling, pain, dry mouth, bad taste what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have wharton's duct stones
hey mom, hey dad, i've been feeling really exhausted lately and have had this persistent cough. my breathing has become shallow, and my fever is very high. i've also been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid sputum what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
there is severe nausea and chest discomfort. my chest has been aching lately. i'm really nervous and shiver a lot of the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i'm feeling fatigued and have no energy. i can barely keep my eyes open during the day, and i've been feeling lethargic and unable to motivate myself. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
metabolic acidosis, apid breathing, rapid heart rate, confusion, headache, dizziness, seizures what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ethylene glycol poisoning-2
i occasionally have burning in my upper abdomen throughout the day or at night. i get heartburn, indigestion, and regular episodes of severe nausea. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have hair loss and there is a significant change in the texture of my hair. i have dry and itchy sclap and increased dandruff. my skin is also getting very dry what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
fatigue, swelling of the legs or ankles, decreased appetite, difficulty concentrating, increased urination or urine changes, blood in urine, high blood pressure what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chronic kidney disease
most colonic polyps do not cause symptoms. some larger polyps or certain types may cause rectal bleeding or changes in bowel habits, such as diarrhea or constipation. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have colonic polyp
the veins on my calves are very prominent and are causing me a lot of discomforts. they are swollen and protrude from my skin. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
my cheeks and nose are covered with red sores. i've observed that the rash on my neck and chest is spreading faster. i am also developing a mild fever. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have developed a skin rash that covers my entire body. the rash is red and swollen, and is worse in certain areas such as my arms and legs. i have also lost my appetite.  what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i am exhausted and have lost my appetite. i feel vomiting and can't eat anything. in addition, little red spots are beginning to appear on my skin and near the neck. i am really worried about my health. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've had this cough that's been lingering for days and difficulty breathing. my fever is sky-high, and i'm feeling so weak and tired. i've also been producing a lot of mucus when i cough, and it's just been so overwhelming to deal with all of these symptoms. i'm getting so frustrated with all of this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i often sneeze and have a sore throat. my lips and the area around my eyes occasionally swell. once i start sneezing, i just can't stop. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been having chills and feeling exhausted, and i can't seem to shake this cough. my chest hurts when i cough, and my heart feels like it's going a million miles an hour. the phlegm i'm coughing up is a dirty rust color. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
i'm having a lot of trouble going to the bathroom and it's really painful when i do. my stool has been bloody and i've had some pain in my butt. my anus has been really itchy and irritated too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
the rash on my legs is spreading and becoming more severe. it has become very difficult for me to run. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
the body pain i have been feeling is extreme. i has lost my appetite and developed rashes on my arms and face. the back of my eyes pain a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
sore throat, fever, rash (red, sandpaper-like), swollen glands what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have scarlet fever
swelling, pain, dry mouth, bad taste what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have parotid stones
shortness of breath, especially during physical activity or exertion, chest pain or discomfort, dizziness or lightheadedness, fainting or near-fainting episodes, heart palpitations (rapid or irregular heartbeat), fatigue, swelling in the ankles, feet, or legs what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (hocm)
i have been struggling with intense back pain, a chronic cough, and weakness in my arms and legs. my neck is sore and i have had problems with dizziness and loss of balance. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
extreme weight loss, fear of gaining weight, distorted body image what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anorexia nervosa
the itching is making it hard for me to sleep at night. i can't seem to get any rest because the rash is so itchy and uncomfortable. i'm feeling really tired and exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
localized muscle pain, trigger points what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have myofascial pain syndrome
i've been experiencing a lot of bowel movement issues recently. it's difficult to go, and it hurts when i do. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's really painful and i'm really uncomfortable. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
along with increased hunger, a sore neck, melancholy, impatience, and visual distortion, i've also been experiencing acid reflux, indigestion, frequent headaches, and blurred eyesight. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i've had a fever, a cough that won't go away, and shortness of breath. in addition, i've been coughing up a lot of thick, mucoid saliva and i feel quite worn out and weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have trouble falling or staying asleep because of stomach ache. after using the restroom, i feel drained and lose my appetite. i constantly feel really anxious. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
sudden numbness or weakness of the face, arm, or leg (typically on one side of the body), confusion, trouble speaking or understanding, severe headache what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have stroke
my arms and legs have been weak, and i have been suffering from back pain and a persistent cough. in addition to experiencing neck pain and balance issues, i also suffer dizziness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep, daytime sleepiness, irritability, difficulty concentrating what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have primary insomnia
my throat always tickles, and i'm worn out. additionally, my skin has started to feel dry. ocular inflammation occasionally affects me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
constipation and bowel movement discomfort have been very common for me lately. the region surrounding my anus and i both ache a lot. my anus is really itchy, and my stool has been bloody. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
i get skin irritations and rashes, especially in my skin's crevices. cuts and bruises on my skin also take a while to heal. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i have been suffering from intense itching, vomiting, fatigue, and weight loss. my fever is high and my skin has turned yellow. my urine is dark and i have been experiencing abdominal pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
itching around the anus or vagina, restless sleep, irritability, anal or vaginal discharge, abdominal pain or discomfort, loss of appetite what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pinworm infection
widespread pain,fatigue,tenderness what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fibromyalgi
i have been experiencing a loss of appetite and have difficulty swallowing food. i have been suffering from sore throat and runnny nose also. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
i've been experiencing back pain, a dry cough, and muscle weakness. i've been experiencing neck pain, feeling lightheaded, and having trouble standing still. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
along with my intense scratching, chills, nausea, and high fever, i've also been feeling really unwell. i have a headache and am also perspiring a lot. i've been uncomfortable from nausea and muscle ache, too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i've had intense itching all over my body, accompanied by chills and vomiting. my fever is really high and i've been sweating excessively. i also have a headache and feel nauseous. my muscles are really painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i've been feeling scratchy and throwing up. i have lost weight and am also really exhausted. my skin has become yellow, and i have a severe fever. i have stomach ache and black urine. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i have a tendency to burp and belch regularly. i often get chest discomfort that radiates to my arm, jaw, and neck. my chest feels tight and stressed. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
i have been experiencing joint pain in my fingers, wrists, and knees. the pain is often achy and throbbing, and it gets worse when i move my joints. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have psoriasis
i have a sore throat and a lot of sneezing. there are times when the skin around my eyes and my lips swell. i find that once i start, i just cannot stop. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
widespread musculoskeletal pain, fatigue, sleep disturbances, cognitive difficulties (fibro fog), mood changes what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fibromyalgia
eye pain, blurred vision, sensitivity to light what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chorioretinitis
recently, i've been having a lot of discomfort and difficulty using the restroom. additionally, i've noticed that my anus has been quite sore and that my stool has been bloody. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
the swelling in my legs has gotten worse over the past few weeks. now, a large number of veins are noticeable on my calves, which is making me worried. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
a nasty rash has just appeared on my skin. blackheads and pimples packed with pus are everywhere. additionally, my skin has been extremely sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
persistent cough with yellow or green mucus, chest congestion, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchitis
with a high temperature, shortness of breath, sweating, chills, and intense exhaustion, i've been feeling quite poorly. i've been coughing up a lot of brownish phlegm and my pulse rate is racing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pneumonia
back pain, a dry cough, and a lack of muscle strength have been bothering me. my neck hurts, and i've been feeling lightheaded and shaky. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i have been struggling with digestive issues, including acid reflux and indigestion, as well as regular headaches and impaired vision, excessive hunger, a sore neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i have been experiencing a headache that feels like a sharp pain in my temples, along with chest pain and dizziness. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
drowsiness, confusion, slowed breathing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have sedatives poisoning
i have frequent belching and burping. i have chest pain that often radiates to the back of my neck, jaw and arm. i get a feeling of tightness and pressure on my chest what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
my throat and mouth are dry. i've also been feeling more hungry and more hungry. but sometimes i do feel quite exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
i've had a scratchy stomach and been throwing up. i have also lost weight and am really exhausted. i have a high fever and yellow skin. as well as you, i have been having stomach pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
i'm shedding hair, and the texture of my hair has changed significantly. my dry, itchy scalp and dandruff are becoming worse. my skin is also becoming pretty dry. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
my muscles lack strength, and i have been experiencing back pain and a dry cough. i've been experiencing neck pain and feeling lightheaded and unstable on my feet. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cervical spondylosis
i've been experiencing severe body itchiness, chills, and vomiting. i have a really high fever, and i've been perspiring a lot. i also feel queasy and have a headache. my muscles are in excruciating discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
chest pain (sharp or dull), difficulty breathing or shortness of breath, rapid or shallow breathing, coughing up blood or pink-tinged sputum, decreased oxygen levels, wheezing, cyanosis (bluish discoloration of the skin), chest wall bruising, rib fractures (associated injuries) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lung contusion
nausea,vomiting,diarrhea,abdominal cramps what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have food poisoning
since i've been constipated, using the restroom has been quite challenging. when i do go, it aches and i've had blood in my stool. my anus has been quite itchy and irritating, and i've also been experiencing some discomfort in my butt. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
doctor, i have a really itchy rash on my skin and there are some weird spots that are a different color. there are also some bumps on my skin that look like little knots what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have fungal infection
depends on the specific cranial nerve involved; symptoms can include vision changes, eye movement abnormalities, facial weakness or paralysis, difficulty swallowing or speaking, loss of sensation in the face or other areas what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have cranial nerve palsy
vaginal bleeding, abdominal pain or cramping, shoulder pain (if the fallopian tube ruptures) what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ectopic pregnancy
i have rashes on my face. i am starting to have small sores around my nose and often a yellow fluid comes out of the sores. the sores are becoming extremely painful. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
fatigue, swollen and bleeding gums, joint pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have scurvy
while taking a walk, i suddenly started experiencing headache, chest pain, and dizziness after feeling fine all day. since then, it has been challenging for me to concentrate and focus. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
fever, chest pain, productive cough with foul-smelling or bloody sputum what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have empyema
diarrhea,bloody stool,abdominal pain,weight loss what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have ulcerative colitis
doctor due to a high fever, i haven't been able to breathe via my nose or mouth for a few days and feelinf too tired. please recommend some medications for me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
the veins in my calves are protruding out quite unusually. i am worried about it. also, i am overweight and i believe this is the reason behind all of this. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
muscle weakness, fatigue, difficulty speaking what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have myasthenia gravis
strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high fever are all part of my current condition. besides having a headache, i've been perspiring a lot. i've been bothered by nausea as well as muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
inattention, hyperactivity, impulsivity what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd)
i've had a terrible cough and cold for days. my face is tired and my sinuses are blocked. in addition, my chest hurts from the phlegm i've been coughing up. i can't smell, and my muscles are in terrible pain. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
pain during bowel movements, rectal bleeding what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have anal fissure
both my water intake and frequency of urination have increased. my mouth and throat regularly feel dry. my appetite and hunger have both increased recently. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
increased thirst,frequent urination,unexplained weight loss,fatigue,blurred vision,cuts that are slow to heal what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
diarrhea has been really watery and foul-smelling, and it's been accompanied by abdominal pain. i feel like vomiting most of the time. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have to use the restroom frequently to relieve myself, but i can't seem to get my bladder empty. i occasionally get severe, uncontrolled desires to urinate, as well as black or crimson urine. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
hearing loss (gradual and progressive), tinnitus (ringing in the ears), dizziness or balance problems what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have otosclerosis
i've been itchy and throwing up. i've lost weight and am also really exhausted. my skin has become yellow and i have a severe temperature. my stomach has also been hurting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
pelvic pressure or heaviness, urinary incontinence, bowel movement difficulties, discomfort or pain during intercourse what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pelvic organ prolapse
fatigue, weakness, pale skin, shortness of breath, jaundice what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hemolytic anemia
severe pain, visible deformity, swelling, inability to move the elbow, numbness or tingling in the hand/arm what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dislocation of the elbow
the vomiting i have been experiencing is accompanied by stomach cramps and dizziness. i have lost my apetite and feel weak as a result. there is a pain behind my eyes too. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i have a sore throat or hoarseness, especially in the morning. i have a chronic nagging pain in my throat and bad breath. i also have frequent belching what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
vaginal bleeding, abdominal cramps, pelvic pain what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have threatened pregnancy
fatigue, weight loss, organ dysfunction what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have amyloidosis
i have pain in my lower abdomen, and get a buring sensation in my pee. i also have been getting low temperatures since i started to get these other symptoms. i have been weak because of this what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have urinary tract infection
i've had a high temperature, vomiting, chills, and intense itching. i also have a headache and am perspiring a lot. i've been really uncomfortable lately from nausea and muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i have been experiencing a rash on my legs that is causing a lot of irritation and discomfort. it is red and inflamed and appears to be spreading. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
chest pain, swelling and tenderness of the cartilage connecting the ribs to the breastbone what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have tietze syndrome
raised,rough growths on the skin what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have warts 
red, itchy, and oily patches of skin, dandruff, flaky scalp what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have seborrheic dermatitis
the skin around the veins on my legs is dry and flaky, causing discomfort and irritation. i am also starting to get frequent cramps. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
strong itchiness, chills, nausea, and a high fever are all part of my current condition. in addition, i have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. i've been suffering from nausea as well as muscle ache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have malaria
i'm not in the mood to eat, and swallowing is difficult. i often have this lingering feeling of fullness even after little meals. my typical symptoms include heartburn, nausea, and throat tingling. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
abdominal pain, vomiting blood, bloody or black stools what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastrointestinal hemorrhage
doctor, i have been having high fever since past few days , saliva also became thick , dry cough , weakness also seen what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i have been feeling itchy and have been vomiting. i am also very tired and have lost weight. my fever is high and my skin has become yellow. i have been experiencing abdominal pain as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have jaundice
painless swelling, usually on the lower lip or floor of the mouth what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mucocele
chest pain,shortness of breath,nausea,vomiting,lightheadedness,sweating what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have heart attack
i just developed a really nasty rash on my skin. there are tons of blackheads and pimples that are filled with pus. my skin has also been really scurrying. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
i have been experiencing acidity, indigestion, headaches, and blurred and distorted vision, as well as excessive hunger, a stiff neck, depression, irritability, and visual disturbance. these symptoms have been affecting my daily life and causing me discomfort. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
even when i don't have anything acidic in my stomach, i constantly have a sour taste in my mouth. i frequently have hiccups and a lump in my throat. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have gastroesophageal reflux disease
along with a head pain, chest pain, instability, and balance issues, i've also been feeling unwell. i also think i'm having problems focusing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
heartburn, chest pain, difficulty swallowing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hiatal hernia
fatigue, jaundice, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hepatitis due to a toxin
headache, nausea, vomiting, cognitive or developmental problems, enlarged head in infants what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hydrocephalus
my muscles have been quite weak, and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have swollen, making it difficult for me to move without becoming stiff. walking has been quite uncomfortable as well. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have arthritis
my skin has developed a horrible rash. there are blackheads and pus-filled pimples everywhere. furthermore, my skin has been exceedingly sensitive. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have acne
my nose runs and i sneeze a lot. my eyes are wet and hurt, and i cough all the time. my head aches constantly. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have allergy
condition that affects the lungs,can make it difficult to breathe what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have lung disease
there are small red spots all over my body. the spots are itchy and uncomfortable. i also have a mild fever and headache. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
i've been facing visual disruptions, seeing things as distorted, and eyesight difficulties. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
i've recently been suffering from constipation and digestive discomfort. my anus is quite painful, and it has been bleeding whenever i go. it's excruciatingly painful, and i'm quite uneasy. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dimorphic hemorrhoids
chest or back pain, shortness of breath, hoarseness, difficulty swallowing what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have thoracic aortic aneurysm
sudden onset of neurological symptoms that resolve within 24 hours what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have transient ischemic attack
i inadvertently lose weight and have a hard time gaining it back. i use antacids to get rid of the pain and discomfort i experience. it aches so much in my mouth. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
i have been getting a headache for the past week that has been growing worse. it has been accompanied by stomach pains, constipation, and diarrhea. i don't know what is happening and i am really worried about it. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have rashes around my nose, as well as huge red sores. the rash is spreading to other places on my body, as i've seen. in addition, i have a high temperature every night. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i'm running a high temperature. i've developed a rash on my face, neck, and arms. the rash consists of painful red lesions. my health is a concern for me. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have impetigo
i have changes in my bowel movements, such as constipation and diarrhea. i have a loss of appetite and energy and often feel very fatigued what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
in addition to a head pain, chest pain, instability, and balance issues, i've already been feeling unwell. i also suppose i'm having issues focusing. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
i've also been suffering from diarrhea, which has been really uncomfortable. it comes and goes, and it's accompanied by stomach aches and vomiting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
vision loss or blurry vision, eye pain with eye movement, color vision impairment, flashing lights or floaters what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have optic neuritis
both my water intake and frequency of urination have increased. my mouth and throat feel dry a lot. my hunger and appetite have both increased recently. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have diabetes
fatigue, shortness of breath, chest pain or discomfort, heart palpitations, fainting or lightheadedness, swollen legs or ankles what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have pulmonic valve disease
i have rashes on my skin and these flake off from time to time. this leaves me prone to infection. my fingers start twitching and sometimes i experience tremors. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
along with excessive appetite, a stiff neck, depression, impatience, and visual disturbance, i've also been having indigestion, headaches, blurred vision, and acid reflux. these symptoms have been bothering me and interfering with my usual activities. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have migraine
intense burning pain, swelling, changes in skin temperature what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have complex regional pain syndrome (crps)
i've been suffering from significant joint pain, which makes it difficult for me to walk and carry out my everyday tasks. i've also lost my appetite, which makes me feel weak and feel like vomitting. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
i've noticed a difference in my monthly cycle and an unexpected vaginal discharge. i become irritable every now and again, and my moods swing a lot. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
severe nausea and vomiting during pregnancy what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hyperemesis gravidarum
i've been encountering trouble walking, a headache, chest pain, and dizziness. my concentration skills and focus has also been challenging. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have hypertension
my hair's texture has significantly changed, and i'm experiencing hair loss. my scalp is dry and itching, and my dandruff is becoming worse. my skin is also becoming really dry. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
swollen salivary glands (usually parotid), fever, headache, fatigue what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have mumps
swollen,twisted veins,usually in the legs what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have noticed cramps in my calves are becoming more frequent and intense. it is causing me a lot of discomforts. i am also overweight and my legs have started to swell. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
toothache, tooth sensitivity, visible pits or holes in the teeth, dark spots on the teeth, bad breath what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dental caries
redness, swelling, warmth, pain or tenderness at the wound site, pus or drainage from the wound, fever, malaise what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have infection of open wound
i've been experiencing severe weariness and a sickly sensation. my throat has been really painful and i've had a fairly severe cough. my nose has been quite stuffy, and i've had significant sinus pressure. i'm really miserable and extremely exhausted. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
the headache i have been experiencing is severe and is accompanied by a feeling of pressure in my head. i have mild fever along with headache. there are small red spots on my back. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have dengue
my eyes are always red and itchy, and my nose feels all stuffy and congested. i just feel kind of sick and tired all the time, and i keep coughing up all this gunk. my throat feels sore and scratchy, and i've noticed that the bumps on my neck are bigger than usual what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have common cold
i have a high fever and red spots and rashes all over my body. i feel exhausted and have completely lost my appetite, which has made me weak and lethargic. i am really worried. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have chicken pox
there is bruising on my legs that i cannot explain. i can see strange blood vessels below the skin. also, i am slightly obese and i am really worried. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have varicose veins
i have headaches and migraines, have been having difficulty sleeping. i have been having muscle twitching and tremors. sometimes i get lightheaded what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction
i've lost a lot of stuff because of my bloody stools, including iron and bloos. because of this, i now have anaemia and usually feel fairly weak. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have peptic ulcer disease
short stature, gonadal dysgenesis, webbed neck, lymphedema what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have turner syndrome
recently, i've been feeling terrible. my fever has been through the roof, and i've had a persistent cough and breathing problems. i've been coughing up a lot of phlegm and am also feeling quite weary. dealing with all of these symptoms has been quite difficult. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have bronchial asthma
i've also had some diarrhea, which has been really unpleasant. it's been coming and going, and it's been accompanied by abdominal cramps and bloating. what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have typhoid
i have fever and feel very dizzy and lightheaded. my heart is beating very fast and i feel very confused. i am not able to think very clearing and everything feels very foggy what is my diease <sep> It looks like you have drug reaction