how many people are affected by familial acute myeloid leukemia with mutated cebpa ? <sep> acute myeloid leukemia occurs in approximately 3.5 in 100,000 individuals per year. familial acute myeloid leukemia with mutated cebpa is a very rare form of acute myeloid leukemia; only a few affected families have been identified.
how many people are affected by mucopolysaccharidosis type ii ? <sep> mps ii occurs in approximately 1 in 100,000 to 1 in 170,000 males.
what are the treatments for mannose-binding lectin deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mannose-binding lectin deficiency: - genetic testing registry: mannose-binding protein deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is alexander disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. rarely, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent.
what is (are) what i need to know about hirschsprung disease ? <sep> the large intestine, which includes the colon and rectum, is the last part of the digestive tract. the large intestines main job is to absorb water and hold stool. the rectum connects the colon to the anus. stool passes out of the body through the anus. at birth, the large intestine is about 2 feet long. an adults large intestine is about 5 feet long.
is branchiooculofacial syndrome inherited ? <sep> how is branchiooculofacial syndrome (bofs) inherited? although some cases can be sporadic, most of the reported cases are inherited within families. bofs is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means that one copy of the altered tfap2a gene in each cell is sufficient to cause this condition.
what causes erdheim-chester disease ? <sep> what causes erdheim-chester disease? the specific underlying cause of erdheim-chester disease is not known. it is not currently categorized as a cancer, infection or autoimmune disease. it it not believed to be contagious or genetic in nature.
is congenital diaphragmatic hernia inherited ? <sep> isolated congenital diaphragmatic hernia is rarely inherited. in almost all cases, there is only one affected individual in a family. when congenital diaphragmatic hernia occurs as a feature of a genetic syndrome or chromosomal abnormality, it may cluster in families according to the inheritance pattern for that condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for congenital myasthenia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) support research related to congenital myasthenia through grants to major research institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat and ultimately cure disorders such as congenital myasthenia.
what are the treatments for megalencephaly ? <sep> there is no standard treatment for megalencephaly. treatment will depend upon the disorder with which the megalencephaly is associated and will address individual symptoms and disabilities.
what is (are) parkinson's disease ? <sep> the parkinsons disease biomarkers identification network, or pd-bin, is an initiative developed by the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke to discover and validate biomarkers for parkinsons disease. biomarkers are measurable characteristics that can reveal whether the disease is developing or progressing. biomarkers could help doctors detect parkinsons disease before symptoms appear and improve diagnosis of the disorder.
what are the treatments for congenital myasthenia ? <sep> the possibilities for treatment depend on the specific subtype of congenital myasthenia. most treatments attempt to improve the signaling between nerve cell and muscle. these drugs include pyridostigmine, fluoxetine, ephedrine, and 3,4-diaminopyridine. treatments to alter the immune system are not used for this form of myasthenia. there are no treatments to cure the underlying genetic abnormality.
what to do for mntriers disease ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing mntriers disease. in some cases, a health care provider may prescribe a high-protein diet to offset the loss of protein due to mntriers disease. some people with severe malnutrition may require iv nutrition, which is called total parenteral nutrition (tpn). tpn is a method of providing an iv liquid food mixture through a special tube in the chest.
what are the treatments for horizontal gaze palsy with progressive scoliosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hgpps: - genetic testing registry: gaze palsy, familial horizontal, with progressive scoliosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by prostate cancer ? <sep> prostate cancer is one of the most common types of cancer among american men. it is a slow-growing disease that mostly affects older men. in fact, more than 60 percent of all prostate cancers are found in men over the age of 65. the disease rarely occurs in men younger than 40 years of age.
how to diagnose 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency ? <sep> is genetic testing available for 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency? yes. genetests lists laboratories offering clinical genetic testing for this condition. clinical genetic tests are ordered to help diagnose a person or family and to aid in decisions regarding medical care or reproductive issues. talk to your health care provider or a genetic professional to learn more about your testing options.
how to diagnose hydrops, ectopic calcification, moth-eaten skeletal dysplasia ? <sep> how is hem diagnosed? establishing a diagnosis of hem prenatally can be difficult and may require the interaction between a perinatologist, geneticist, and fetal/neonatal pathologist. clinical examination, radiographs, genetic testing, and autopsy may be performed in order to establish a diagnosis of hem.
is primary carnitine deficiency inherited ? <sep> primary carnitine deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. most often, the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive disorder are carriers, which means they each carry one copy of the mutated gene. carriers of slc22a5 gene mutations may have some signs and symptoms related to the condition.
how many people are affected by nonsyndromic aplasia cutis congenita ? <sep> aplasia cutis congenita affects approximately 1 in 10,000 newborns. the incidence of the nonsyndromic form is unknown.
how many people are affected by cowden syndrome ? <sep> although the exact prevalence of cowden syndrome is unknown, researchers estimate that it affects about 1 in 200,000 people.
what is the outlook for monomelic amyotrophy ? <sep> the symptoms of mma usually progress slowly for one to two years before reaching a plateau, and then remain stable for many years. disability is generally slight. rarely, the weakness progresses to the opposite limb. there is also a slowly progressive variant of mma known as o'sullivan-mcleod syndrome, which only affects the small muscles of the hand and forearm and has a slowly progressive course.
how many people are affected by dystonia 6 ? <sep> the prevalence of dystonia 6 is unknown. studies indicate that it likely accounts for between 1 and 3 percent of all cases of dystonia. for reasons that are unclear, the disorder appears to be slightly more prevalent in females than in males.
is salih myopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by beta-ureidopropionase deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of beta-ureidopropionase deficiency is unknown. a small number of affected individuals from populations around the world have been described in the medical literature. in japan, the prevalence of beta-ureidopropionase deficiency has been estimated as 1 in 6,000 people. researchers suggest that in many affected individuals with absent or mild neurological problems, the condition may never be diagnosed.
is tibial muscular dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is sialuria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most reported cases have occurred in people with no known history of the disorder in their family and may result from new mutations in the gene.
how many people are affected by waldenstrm macroglobulinemia ? <sep> waldenstrm macroglobulinemia affects an estimated 3 per million people each year in the united states. approximately 1,500 new cases of the condition are diagnosed each year in this country, and whites are more commonly affected than african americans. for unknown reasons, the condition occurs twice as often in men than women.
what are the treatments for wolman disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of wolman disease: - genetic testing registry: lysosomal acid lipase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by holt-oram syndrome ? <sep> holt-oram syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 100,000 individuals.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for neurological complications of aids ? <sep> within the federal government, the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds), one part of the national institutes of health (nih), supports research on the neurological consequences of aids. the ninds works closely with its sister agency, the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases (niaid), which has primary responsibility for research related to hiv and aids.
how many people are affected by ren-related kidney disease ? <sep> ren-related kidney disease is a rare condition. at least three families with this condition have been identified.
do you have information about child safety <sep> summary : as parents, we want to keep our children safe from harm. take steps to keep your children safe: - install the right child safety seat in your car - teach children how to cross the street safely - make sure they wear the right gear and equipment for sports - install and test smoke alarms - store medicines, cleaners and other dangerous substances in locked cabinets - babyproof your home - don't leave small children unattended
what are the treatments for colpocephaly ? <sep> there is no definitive treatment for colpocephaly. anticonvulsant medications are often prescribed to prevent seizures, and doctors rely on exercise therapies and orthopedic appliances to reduce shrinkage or shortening of muscles.
how many people are affected by russell-silver syndrome ? <sep> the exact incidence of russell-silver syndrome is unknown, but the condition is estimated to affect 1 in 75,000 to 100,000 people.
what are the treatments for ohtahara syndrome ? <sep> antiepileptic drugs are used to control seizures, but are unfortunately not usually very effective for this disorder. corticosteroids are occasionally helpful. in cases where there is a focal brain lesion (damage contained to one area of the brain) surgery may be beneficial. other therapies are symptomatic and supportive.
what are the treatments for frasier syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of frasier syndrome: - genetic testing registry: frasier syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: focal segmental glomerulosclerosis - medlineplus encyclopedia: nephrotic syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) long qt syndrome ? <sep> long qt syndrome is a disorder of the hearts electrical activity that can cause sudden, uncontrollable, and irregular heartbeats (arrhythmia), which may lead to sudden death. long qt syndrome can be detected by electrocardiogram (ekg). it can be caused by a variety of different gene mutations (changes). it can also be acquired (noninherited) and may be brought on by certain medicines and other medical conditions.
how to diagnose neonatal progeroid syndrome ? <sep> how is neonatal progeroid syndrome diagnosed? a diagnosis of neonatal progeroid syndrome is made based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. rarely, a diagnosis may be suspected before birth if concerning features are viewed on ultrasound; however, most cases are diagnosed shortly after birth.
how many people are affected by epidermolysis bullosa simplex ? <sep> the exact prevalence of epidermolysis bullosa simplex is unknown, but this condition is estimated to affect 1 in 30,000 to 50,000 people. the localized type is the most common form of the condition.
what are the stages of childhood craniopharyngioma ? <sep> the process used to find out if cancer has spread within the brain or to other parts of the body is called staging. there is no standard system for staging childhood craniopharyngioma. craniopharyngioma is described as newly diagnosed disease or recurrent disease. the results of the tests and procedures done to diagnose craniopharyngioma are used to help make decisions about treatment.
how many people are affected by lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia ? <sep> lch is a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown.
what causes urachal cyst ? <sep> what causes a urachal cyst? a urachal cyst occurs when a pocket of air or fluid develops in the urachus. before birth, the urachus is a primitive structure that connects the umbilical cord to the bladder in the developing baby. the urachus normally disappears before birth, but part of the urachus may remain in some people after they are born. this can lead to urachal abnormalities such as urachal cysts.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for central cord syndrome ? <sep> our understanding of central cord syndrome has increased greatly in recent decades as a result of research funded conducted by the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds). much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure neurological disorders such as central cord syndrome.
what is the outlook for brown-sequard syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with bss varies depending on the cause of the disorder.
how to diagnose diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis ? <sep> how is diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis diagnosed? a diagnosis of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish) is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. x-rays may then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. in some cases, a computed tomography (ct scan) and/or magnetic resonance imaging (mri) may also be ordered to rule out other conditions that cause similar features.
what are the treatments for dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is abetalipoproteinemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) cushing's syndrome ? <sep> cushing's syndrome is a hormonal disorder caused by prolonged exposure of the body's tissues to high levels of the hormone cortisol. sometimes called hypercortisolism, cushing's syndrome is relatively rare and most commonly affects adults aged 20 to 50. people who are obese and have type 2 diabetes, along with poorly controlled blood glucose-also called blood sugar-and high blood pressure, have an increased risk of developing the disorder.
what are the treatments for stroke ? <sep> with stroke, treatment depends on the stage of the disease. there are three treatment stages for stroke: prevention, therapy immediately after stroke, and rehabilitation after stroke. stroke treatments include medications, surgery, and rehabilitation.
how many people are affected by pachyonychia congenita ? <sep> although the prevalence of pachyonychia congenita is unknown, it appears to be rare. there are probably several thousand people worldwide with this disorder.
how many people are affected by lattice corneal dystrophy type i ? <sep> lattice corneal dystrophy type i is one of the most common disorders in a group of conditions that are characterized by protein deposits in the cornea (corneal dystrophies); however, it is still a rare condition. the prevalence of lattice corneal dystrophy type i is unknown.
how to diagnose familial osteochondritis dissecans ? <sep> how is osteochondritis dissecans diagnosed? a diagnosis of osteochondritis dissecans is usually suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. additional testing can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. these test may include x-rays, magnetic resonance imaging (mri) and/or computed tomography (ct scan). for more information about the diagnosis of osteochondritis dissecans, please click here.
how many people are affected by pmm2-congenital disorder of glycosylation ? <sep> more than 800 individuals with pmm2-cdg have been identified worldwide.
is kawasaki disease inherited ? <sep> a predisposition to kawasaki disease appears to be passed through generations in families, but the inheritance pattern is unknown. children of parents who have had kawasaki disease have twice the risk of developing the disorder compared to the general population. children with affected siblings have a tenfold higher risk.
is peters plus syndrome inherited ? <sep> how is peters plus syndrome inherited? peters plus syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion, which means that an individual needs to inherit two disease-causing mutations of the b3galtl gene-one from each parent-in order to have symptoms of the condition. parents of individuals with the condition typically do not show signs and symptoms of peters plus syndrome.
what is (are) congenital deafness with vitiligo and achalasia ? <sep> congenital deafness with vitiligo and achalasia is a syndrome characterized by deafness present from birth (congenital), associated with short stature, vitiligo, muscle wasting and achalasia (swallowing difficulties). the condition was described in a brother and sister born to first cousin parents. it is believed to be inherited in an autosomal recessive manner.
is tracheobronchopathia osteoplastica inherited ? <sep> is tracheobronchopathia osteoplastica inherited? there is no known genetic susceptibility to the development of to, and it typically occurs in people with no known history of the condition in their family. familial occurrence has been reported only once, in a woman and her daughter.
what is the outlook for anencephaly ? <sep> the prognosis for babies born with anencephaly is extremely poor. if the infant is not stillborn, then he or she will usually die within a few hours or days after birth.
how many people are affected by optic atrophy type 1 ? <sep> optic atrophy type 1 is estimated to affect 1 in 50,000 people worldwide. this condition is more common in denmark, where it affects approximately 1 in 10,000 people.
what is the outlook for cavernous malformation ? <sep> rebleeding from a cavernous angioma is common, it is not predictable, and individuals frequently have multiple ccms found via magnetic resonance imaging. individuals with ccm are faced with a diagnosis that imparts risk of multiple future hemorrhages that occur seemingly at random and without any preventative therapy except surgical removal.
what are the treatments for ollier disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ollier disease: - genetic testing registry: enchondromatosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) surviving cancer ? <sep> it is important to keep a copy of your medical records to share with any new doctors that you see. this information should contain the type of cancer you were diagnosed with, test results, and treatment details. it is also essential to include information about any medical conditions, medications and supplements you take, and the doctors that you are seeing.
what is (are) cataract ? <sep> a cataract is a clouding of the lens in the eye that affects vision. most cataracts are related to aging. cataracts are very common in older people. by age 80, more than half of all americans either have a cataract or have had cataract surgery. a cataract can occur in either or both eyes. it cannot spread from one eye to the other.
how many people are affected by microphthalmia with linear skin defects syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of microphthalmia with linear skin defects syndrome is unknown. more than 50 affected individuals have been identified.
is aromatase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is hajdu-cheney syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered notch2 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. less commonly, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent.
is mpv17-related hepatocerebral mitochondrial dna depletion syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes ? <sep> the exact incidence of melas is unknown. it is one of the more common conditions in a group known as mitochondrial diseases. together, mitochondrial diseases occur in about 1 in 4,000 people.
what is (are) psoriasis ? <sep> light therapy, also called phototherapy, uses ultraviolet light to treat skin lesions. laser therapy delivers intense, focused doses of light to specific areas of the skin to clear lesions without harming surrounding tissues.
how many people are affected by knobloch syndrome ? <sep> knobloch syndrome is a rare condition. however, the exact prevalence of the condition is unknown.
is leukoencephalopathy with vanishing white matter inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by epidermal nevus ? <sep> epidermal nevi affect approximately 1 in 1,000 people.
how many people are affected by netherton syndrome ? <sep> netherton syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 200,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by frontotemporal dementia with parkinsonism-17 ? <sep> the worldwide prevalence of ftdp-17 is unknown. in the netherlands, where the disease prevalence has been studied, it is estimated to affect 1 in 1 million people. however, the disorder is likely underdiagnosed, so it may actually be more common than this. ftdp-17 probably accounts for a small percentage of all cases of frontotemporal dementia.
how many people are affected by wiskott-aldrich syndrome ? <sep> the estimated incidence of wiskott-aldrich syndrome is between 1 and 10 cases per million males worldwide; this condition is rarer in females.
is rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for sunct headache ? <sep> the ninds conducts a wide range of research on headache disorders. this research aims to discover ways to better diagnose, treat, and ultimately, prevent these disorders.
how many people are affected by x-linked chondrodysplasia punctata 1 ? <sep> the prevalence of x-linked chondrodysplasia punctata 1 is unknown. several dozen affected males have been reported in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for benign chronic pemphigus ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of benign chronic pemphigus: - american osteopathic college of dermatology - genetic testing registry: familial benign pemphigus these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by hyperkalemic periodic paralysis ? <sep> hyperkalemic periodic paralysis affects an estimated 1 in 200,000 people.
how many people are affected by spinocerebellar ataxia type 6 ? <sep> the worldwide prevalence of sca6 is estimated to be less than 1 in 100,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by primary spontaneous pneumothorax ? <sep> primary spontaneous pneumothorax is more common in men than in women. this condition occurs in 7.4 to 18 per 100,000 men each year and 1.2 to 6 per 100,000 women each year.
what are the treatments for autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of charlevoix-saguenay ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of arsacs: - gene review: gene review: arsacs - genetic testing registry: spastic ataxia charlevoix-saguenay type these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by osteoporosis-pseudoglioma syndrome ? <sep> osteoporosis-pseudoglioma syndrome is a rare disorder that occurs in approximately 1 in 2 million people.
how many people are affected by inclusion body myopathy 2 ? <sep> more than 200 people with inclusion body myopathy 2 have been reported. most are of iranian jewish descent; the condition affects an estimated 1 in 1,500 people in this population. additionally, at least 15 people in the japanese population have been diagnosed with this disorder. inclusion body myopathy 2 has also been found in several other ethnic groups worldwide.
is cryptogenic organizing pneumonia inherited ? <sep> is cryptogenic organizing pneumonia inherited? we are not aware of any familial cases of cryptogenic organizing pneumonia (cop) in the medical literature, and to our knowledge, there is no evidence that some people may be genetically predisposed to developing cop.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for dysautonomia ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on dysautonomia. this research aims to discover ways to diagnose, treat, and, ultimately, prevent these disorders.
how many people are affected by griscelli syndrome ? <sep> griscelli syndrome is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. type 2 appears to be the most common of the three known types.
how many people are affected by primary sclerosing cholangitis ? <sep> an estimated 1 in 10,000 people have primary sclerosing cholangitis, and the condition is diagnosed in approximately 1 in 100,000 people per year worldwide.
how many people are affected by cohen syndrome ? <sep> the exact incidence of cohen syndrome is unknown. it has been diagnosed in fewer than 1,000 people worldwide. more cases are likely undiagnosed.
how many people are affected by leber hereditary optic neuropathy ? <sep> the prevalence of lhon in most populations is unknown. it affects 1 in 30,000 to 50,000 people in northeast england and finland.
how many people are affected by trisomy 18 ? <sep> trisomy 18 occurs in about 1 in 5,000 live-born infants; it is more common in pregnancy, but many affected fetuses do not survive to term. although women of all ages can have a child with trisomy 18, the chance of having a child with this condition increases as a woman gets older.
is intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy inherited ? <sep> susceptibility to intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to increase the risk of developing the disorder. some women with an altered gene do not develop intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. many other factors likely contribute to the risk of developing this complex disorder.
how many people are affected by x-linked dystonia-parkinsonism ? <sep> x-linked dystonia-parkinsonism has been reported in more than 500 people of filipino descent, although it is likely that many more filipinos are affected. most people with this condition can trace their mother's ancestry to the island of panay in the philippines. the prevalence of the disorder is 5.24 per 100,000 people on the island of panay.
what are the treatments for aicardi syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aicardi syndrome: - baylor college of medicine - gene review: gene review: aicardi syndrome - genetic testing registry: aicardi's syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by tangier disease ? <sep> tangier disease is a rare disorder with approximately 100 cases identified worldwide. more cases are likely undiagnosed. this condition is named after an island off the coast of virginia where the first affected individuals were identified.
how many people are affected by down syndrome ? <sep> down syndrome occurs in about 1 in 800 newborns. about 5,300 babies with down syndrome are born in the united states each year, and an estimated 250,000 people in this country have the condition. although women of any age can have a child with down syndrome, the chance of having a child with this condition increases as a woman gets older.
what is (are) cataract ? <sep> the lens is a clear part of the eye that helps to focus light, or an image, on the retina. the retina is the light-sensitive tissue at the back of the eye. in a normal eye, light passes through the transparent lens to the retina. once it reaches the retina, light is changed into nerve signals that are sent to the brain. the lens must be clear for the retina to receive a sharp image. if the lens is cloudy from a cataract, the image you see will be blurred.
what is the outlook for leukodystrophy ? <sep> the prognosis for the leukodystrophies varies according to the specific type of leukodystrophy.
how to diagnose mixed connective tissue disease ? <sep> how is mixed connective tissue disease diagnosed? mixed connective tissue disease (mctd) is often suspected after a physical examination reveals signs and symptoms associated with the condition. the diagnosis is supported by a blood test that shows high levels of antibodies associated with mctd.
what causes prostate cancer ? <sep> scientists don't know exactly what causes prostate cancer. they cannot explain why one man gets prostate cancer and another does not. however, they have been able to identify some risk factors that are associated with the disease. a risk factor is anything that increases your chances of getting a disease.
what is the outlook for myotonia ? <sep> myotonia is a chronic disorder. symptoms may improve later in life.
what is (are) alzheimer's disease ? <sep> dementia is a loss of thinking, remembering, and reasoning skills that interferes with a persons daily life and activities. alzheimers disease is the most common cause of dementia among older people. dementia ranges in severity from the mild stage, when it is just beginning to affect a persons functioning, to the severe stage, when the person must depend completely on others for care.
what are the treatments for christianson syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of christianson syndrome: - genetic testing registry: christianson syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: seizures these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for czech dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of czech dysplasia: - genetic testing registry: czech dysplasia metatarsal type these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by cerebral autosomal recessive arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy ? <sep> carasil appears to be a rare condition. it has been identified in about 50 people, primarily in japan and china.
how many people are affected by sandhoff disease ? <sep> sandhoff disease is a rare disorder; its frequency varies among populations. this condition appears to be more common in the creole population of northern argentina; the metis indians in saskatchewan, canada; and people from lebanon.
is fukuyama congenital muscular dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by warfarin resistance ? <sep> warfarin resistance is thought to be a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for tabes dorsalis ? <sep> penicillin, administered intravenously, is the treatment of choice. associated pain can be treated with opiates, valproate, or carbamazepine. patients may also require physical or rehabilitative therapy to deal with muscle wasting and weakness. preventive treatment for those who come into sexual contact with an individual with tabes dorsalis is important.
how many people are affected by complement factor i deficiency ? <sep> complement factor i deficiency is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown. at least 38 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
is congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to diagnose 17q23.1q23.2 microdeletion syndrome ? <sep> how is 17q23.1q23.2 microdeletion syndrome diagnosed? the deletion can be identified by comparative genomic hybridization (cgh) microarray and fluorescence in situ hybridization (fish).
how many people are affected by abdominal wall defect ? <sep> abdominal wall defects are uncommon. omphalocele affects an estimated 2 to 2.5 in 10,000 newborns. approximately 2 to 6 in 10,000 newborns are affected by gastroschisis, although researchers have observed that this malformation is becoming more common. abdominal wall defects are more common among pregnancies that do not survive to term (miscarriages and stillbirths).
how to diagnose pityriasis lichenoides chronica ? <sep> how is pityriasis lichenoides chronica diagnosed? the clinical appearance of pityriasis lichenoides chronica suggests the diagnosis. however, since it can look like psoriasis, lichen planus, or the common bug bite, a skin biopsy is recommended to confirm the diagnosis. a dermatologist is the type of specialist who is most often involved in the diagnosis and care of patients with this condition.
is familial osteochondritis dissecans inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
what is the outlook for tarlov cysts ? <sep> in some instances tarlov cysts can cause nerve pain and other pain, weakness, or nerve root compression. acute and chronic pain may require changes in lifestyle. if left untreated, nerve root compression can cause permanent neurological damage.
what are the treatments for vipoma ? <sep> how might vipoma be treated? treatment for vipoma may include intravenous (iv) fluids to correct dehydration, medications such as octreotide to help control diarrhea, and surgery to remove the tumor. if the tumor has spread (metastasized) to the liver or other tissues, treatment may involve chemotherapy, radiofrequency ablation, or hepatic artery embolization.
how many people are affected by leptin receptor deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of leptin receptor deficiency is unknown. it has been estimated to account for up to 3 percent of individuals with severe obesity and hyperphagia that begins in early childhood.
what are the treatments for locked-in syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for locked-in syndrome, nor is there a standard course of treatment. a therapy called functional neuromuscular stimulation, which uses electrodes to stimulate muscle reflexes, may help activate some paralyzed muscles. several devices to help communication are available. other treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
is autoimmune addison disease inherited ? <sep> a predisposition to develop autoimmune addison disease is passed through generations in families, but the inheritance pattern is unknown.
is mitochondrial neurogastrointestinal encephalopathy disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the tymp gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes childhood extracranial germ cell tumors ? <sep> the cause of most childhood extracranial germ cell tumors is unknown.
is purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is allergic asthma inherited ? <sep> allergic asthma can be passed through generations in families, but the inheritance pattern is unknown. people with mutations in one or more of the associated genes inherit an increased risk of allergic asthma, not the condition itself. because allergic asthma is a complex condition influenced by genetic and environmental factors, not all people with a mutation in an asthma-associated gene will develop the disorder.
what is (are) skin cancer ? <sep> melanoma is the fastest growing and most invasive type of skin cancer. this cancer arises from overgrowth of melanocytes. melanocytes are specialized skin cells that produce a pigment called melanin.
is cleidocranial dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases may result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by tourette syndrome ? <sep> although the exact incidence of tourette syndrome is uncertain, it is estimated to affect 1 to 10 in 1,000 children. this disorder occurs in populations and ethnic groups worldwide, and it is more common in males than in females.
how many people are affected by char syndrome ? <sep> char syndrome is rare, although its exact incidence is unknown. only a few families with this condition have been identified worldwide.
what are the treatments for polyembryoma ? <sep> how might polyembryoma be treated? because polyembryomas are quite rare, there are no established guidelines for treating this condition. however, the first step for treating a polyembryoma is often surgery to remove as much of the tumor as possible. chemotherapy, and sometimes radiation therapy, have also been used after surgery to destroy any cancer cells that may remain.
how to diagnose lichen planus pigmentosus ? <sep> how is lichen planus pigmentosus diagnosed? a diagnosis of lichen planus pigmentosus is usually suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. a skin biopsy may then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis.
how to diagnose lynch syndrome ? <sep> how is lynch syndrome diagnosed? the diagnosis of lynch syndrome can be made on the basis of the amsterdam clinical criteria or on the basis of molecular genetic testing for germline mutations in one of several mismatch repair (mmr) genes. to read detailed diagnostic strategies, click here.
what are the treatments for 18q deletion syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 18q deletion syndrome: - gene review: gene review: leukodystrophy overview - university of texas chromosome 18 clinical research center these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by multiple cutaneous and mucosal venous malformations ? <sep> vmcm appears to be a rare disorder, although its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by immune dysregulation, polyendocrinopathy, enteropathy, x-linked syndrome ? <sep> ipex syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by problems with taste ? <sep> roughly 200,000 people each year visit a doctor for a chemosensory problem such as a taste disorder. many more taste disorders go unreported.
how many people are affected by cholesteryl ester storage disease ? <sep> cholesteryl ester storage disease appears to be a rare disorder. about 50 individuals affected by this condition have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by spondyloenchondrodysplasia with immune dysregulation ? <sep> spencdi appears to be a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for apraxia ? <sep> generally, treatment for individuals with apraxia includes physical, speech,or occupational therapy. if apraxia is a symptom of another disorder, the underlying disorder should be treated.
is congenital cataracts, facial dysmorphism, and neuropathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
who is at risk for childhood brain stem glioma? ? <sep> anything that increases your risk of getting a disease is called a risk factor. having a risk factor does not mean that you will get cancer; not having risk factors doesnt mean that you will not get cancer. talk with your child's doctor if you think your child may be at risk. possible risk factors for brain stem glioma include: - having certain genetic disorders, such as neurofibromatosis type 1 (nf1).
what are the treatments for zellweger syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for zellweger syndrome, nor is there a standard course of treatment. since the metabolic and neurological abnormalities that cause the symptoms of zellweger syndrome are caused during fetal development, treatments to correct these abnormalities after birth are limited. most treatments are symptomatic and supportive.
do you have information about native hawaiian and pacific islander health <sep> summary : every racial or ethnic group has specific health concerns. differences in the health of groups can result from: - genetics - environmental factors - access to care - cultural factors on this page, you'll find links to health issues that affect native hawaiians and pacific islanders.
what is (are) knee replacement ? <sep> the main reason to have knee replacement surgery is to ease pain and disability caused by arthritis or other joint problems, while preserving movement. less commonly, it is used to correct some kinds of knee deformity.
what are the treatments for malonyl-coa decarboxylase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of malonyl-coa decarboxylase deficiency: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: deficiency of malonyl-coa decarboxylase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for aicardi-goutieres syndrome disorder ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) support research related to ags through grants to major medical institutions across the country. current research is aimed at finding new methods for treating and ultimately preventing or curing ags.
is glioblastoma inherited ? <sep> is glioblastoma inherited? most glioblastomas are not inherited. they usually occur sporadically in people with no family history of tumors. however, they can rarely occur in people with certain genetic syndromes such as neurofibromatosis type 1, turcot syndrome and li fraumeni syndrome. all of these conditions are inherited in an autosomal dominant manner.
is cold-induced sweating syndrome inherited ? <sep> cold-induced sweating syndrome is inherited in anautosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the crlf1 or clcf1 gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by spina bifida ? <sep> spina bifida is one of the most common types of neural tube defect, affecting an estimated 1 in 2,500 newborns worldwide. for unknown reasons, the prevalence of spina bifida varies among different geographic regions and ethnic groups. in the united states, this condition occurs more frequently in hispanics and non-hispanic whites than in african americans.
is cranioectodermal dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia ? <sep> schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia is a very rare condition. the prevalence in north america is estimated to be one in 1 million to 3 million people.
what are the treatments for pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 1 ? <sep> how might pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 1 be treated? there is no standard therapy for pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 1. treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
how many people are affected by doors syndrome ? <sep> doors syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. approximately 50 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by fuchs endothelial dystrophy ? <sep> the late-onset form of fuchs endothelial dystrophy is a common condition, affecting approximately 4 percent of people over the age of 40. the early-onset variant of fuchs endothelial dystrophy is rare, although the exact prevalence is unknown. for reasons that are unclear, women are affected with fuchs endothelial dystrophy somewhat more frequently than men.
who is at risk for breast cancer? ? <sep> different factors increase or decrease the risk of breast cancer. anything that increases your chance of getting a disease is called a risk factor. anything that decreases your chance of getting a disease is called a protective factor. for information about risk factors and protective factors for breast cancer, see the pdq summary on breast cancer prevention.
what are the treatments for encephalopathy ? <sep> treatment is symptomatic and varies, according to the type and severity of the encephalopathy. your physician can provide specific instructions for proper care and treatment. anticonvulsants may be prescribed to reduce or halt any seizures. changes to diet and nutritional supplements may help some patients. in severe cases, dialysis or organ replacement surgery may be needed.
is leukocyte adhesion deficiency type 1 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for opsoclonus myoclonus ? <sep> treatment for opsoclonus myoclonus may include corticosteroids or acth (adrenocorticotropic hormone). in cases where there is a tumor present, treatment such as chemotherapy, surgery, or radiation may be required.
who is at risk for laryngeal cancer? ? <sep> use of tobacco products and drinking too much alcohol can affect the risk of laryngeal cancer.anything that increases your risk of getting a disease is called a risk factor. having a risk factor does not mean that you will get cancer; not having risk factors doesn't mean that you will not get cancer. talk with your doctor if you think you may be at risk.
is axenfeld-rieger syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by saddan ? <sep> this disorder is very rare; it has been described in only a small number of individuals worldwide.
how many people are affected by crigler-najjar syndrome ? <sep> crigler-najjar syndrome is estimated to affect fewer than 1 in 1 million newborns worldwide.
is hereditary myopathy with early respiratory failure inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome (cofs) ? <sep> treatment is supportive and symptomatic. individuals with the disorder often require tube feeding. because cofs is genetic, genetic counseling is available.
what are the treatments for 15q24 microdeletion ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 15q24 microdeletion: - gene review: gene review: 15q24 microdeletion - genetic testing registry: 15q24 deletion syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by 3-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> the exact prevalence of 3-hsd deficiency is unknown. at least 60 affected individuals have been reported.
how many people are affected by nephronophthisis ? <sep> nephronophthisis is found in populations worldwide. it occurs in an estimated 1 in 50,000 newborns in canada, 1 in 100,000 in finland, and 1 in 922,000 in the united states. its incidence in other populations is unknown. nephronophthisis is the most common genetic cause of esrd in children and young adults.
what is the outlook for salivary gland cancer ? <sep> certain factors affect treatment options and prognosis (chance of recovery). the treatment options and prognosis (chance of recovery) depend on the following: - the stage of the cancer (especially the size of the tumor). - the type of salivary gland the cancer is in. - the type of cancer cells (how they look under a microscope). - the patient's age and general health.
what are the treatments for empty sella syndrome ? <sep> unless the syndrome results in other medical problems, treatment for endocrine dysfunction associated with pituitary malfunction is symptomatic and supportive. individuals with primary ess who have high levels of prolactin may be given bromocriptine. in some cases, particularly when spinal fluid drainage is observed, surgery may be needed.
is adenosine monophosphate deaminase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for brain and spinal tumors ? <sep> the three most commonly used treatments are surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy. doctors also may prescribe steroids to reduce the tumor-related swelling inside the cns.
is glanzmann thrombasthenia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for tyrosine hydroxylase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of th deficiency: - gene review: gene review: tyrosine hydroxylase deficiency - genetic testing registry: segawa syndrome, autosomal recessive these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for tardive dyskinesia ? <sep> symptoms of tardive dyskinesia may remain long after discontinuation of neuroleptic drugs. in many cases, the symptoms stop spontaneously, but in some cases they may persist indefinitely.
how many people are affected by bloom syndrome ? <sep> bloom syndrome is a rare disorder. only a few hundred affected individuals have been described in the medical literature, about one-third of whom are of central and eastern european (ashkenazi) jewish background.
how many people are affected by dihydropyrimidinase deficiency ? <sep> dihydropyrimidinase deficiency is thought to be a rare disorder. only a few dozen affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
do you have information about native american health <sep> summary : every racial or ethnic group has specific health concerns. differences in the health of groups can result from: - genetics - environmental factors - access to care - cultural factors on this page, you'll find links to health issues that affect native americans.
what is the outlook for aicardi syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for girls with aicardi syndrome varies according to the severity of their symptoms. there is an increased risk for death in childhood and adolescence, but survivors into adulthood have been described.
what is the outlook for piriformis syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for most individuals with piriformis syndrome is good. once symptoms of the disorder are addressed, individuals can usually resume their normal activities. in some cases, exercise regimens may need to be modified in order to reduce the likelihood of recurrence or worsening.
what are the treatments for behr syndrome ? <sep> how might behr syndrome be treated? treatment is symptomatic. for instance, people who develop muscle contractures may have to undergo surgery.
what are the treatments for tubular aggregate myopathy ? <sep> how might tubular aggregate myopathy be treated?
how many people are affected by x-linked juvenile retinoschisis ? <sep> the prevalence of x-linked juvenile retinoschisis is estimated to be 1 in 5,000 to 25,000 men worldwide.
what is (are) urinary incontinence in men ? <sep> the prostate is a walnut-shaped gland that is part of the male reproductive system. the prostate has two or more lobes, or sections, enclosed by an outer layer of tissue. located in front of the rectum and just below the bladder, the prostate surrounds the urethra at the neck of the bladder and supplies fluid that goes into semen.
how to prevent short bowel syndrome ? <sep> people can ask their health care providers about surgical techniques that minimize scar tissue. scientists have not yet found a way to prevent short bowel syndrome that is present at birth, as its cause is unknown.
how many people are affected by fg syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of fg syndrome is unknown, although several hundred cases have been reported worldwide. researchers suspect that fg syndrome may be overdiagnosed because many of its signs and symptoms are also seen with other disorders.
how many people are affected by congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency is estimated to be 1 in 5,000 people of european descent. this condition is much more prevalent in the native populations of greenland, alaska, and canada, where as many as 1 in 20 people may be affected.
is hypochromic microcytic anemia with iron overload inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is parkes weber syndrome inherited ? <sep> most cases of parkes weber syndrome occur in people with no history of the condition in their family. these cases are described as sporadic. when parkes weber syndrome is caused by mutations in the rasa1 gene, it is sometimes inherited from an affected parent. in these cases, the condition has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance. autosomal dominant inheritance means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for juvenile primary lateral sclerosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of juvenile primary lateral sclerosis: - gene review: gene review: als2-related disorders - genetic testing registry: juvenile primary lateral sclerosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes type 1 plasminogen deficiency ? <sep> what causes plasminogen deficiency, type 1? plasminogen deficiency, type 1 is caused by a mutation in a gene encoding plasminogen, an enzyme whose function is to dissolve fibrin clots. fibrin clots form scabs at a wound site.
what are the treatments for encephaloceles ? <sep> generally, surgery is performed during infancy to place the protruding tissues back into the skull, remove the sac, and correct the associated craniofacial abnormalities. even large protrusions can often be removed without causing major functional disability. hydrocephalus associated with encephaloceles may require surgical treatment with a shunt. other treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
how many people are affected by myotonia congenita ? <sep> myotonia congenita is estimated to affect 1 in 100,000 people worldwide. this condition is more common in northern scandinavia, where it occurs in approximately 1 in 10,000 people.
how many people are affected by cornelia de lange syndrome ? <sep> although the exact incidence is unknown, cornelia de lange syndrome likely affects 1 in 10,000 to 30,000 newborns. the condition is probably underdiagnosed because affected individuals with mild or uncommon features may never be recognized as having cornelia de lange syndrome.
what causes serpiginous choroiditis ? <sep> what causes serpiginous choroiditis? the cause of serpiginous choroiditis is unknown. speculation exists regarding an association with exposure to various toxic compounds and/or infectious agents. some researchers believe the condition is related to an organ-specific autoimmune inflammatory process.
what are the treatments for dravet syndrome ? <sep> seizures in dravet syndrome are difficult to control, but can be reduced by anticonvulsant drugs. a ketogenic diet, high in fats and low in carbohydrates, also may be beneficial.
is graves disease inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of graves disease is unclear because many genetic and environmental factors appear to be involved. however, the condition can cluster in families, and having a close relative with graves disease or another autoimmune disorder likely increases a person's risk of developing the condition.
what are the treatments for persistent mllerian duct syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of persistent mllerian duct syndrome: - genetic testing registry: persistent mullerian duct syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: undescended testicle repair these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by congenital plasminogen deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of congenital plasminogen deficiency has been estimated at 1.6 per one million people. this condition is believed to be underdiagnosed, because growths in one area are often not recognized as being a feature of a disorder that affects many body systems. mild cases likely never come to medical attention.
how many people are affected by x-linked severe combined immunodeficiency ? <sep> x-linked scid is the most common form of severe combined immunodeficiency. its exact incidence is unknown, but the condition probably affects at least 1 in 50,000 to 100,000 newborns.
what are the treatments for lenz microphthalmia syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of lenz microphthalmia syndrome: - gene review: gene review: lenz microphthalmia syndrome - genetic testing registry: lenz microphthalmia syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for cushing's syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for those with cushing's syndrome varies depending on the cause of the disease. most cases of cushing's syndrome can be cured. many individuals with cushing's syndrome show significant improvement with treatment, although some may find recovery complicated by various aspects of the causative illness. some kinds of tumors may recur.
what is (are) stroke ? <sep> transient ischemic attacks, or tias, occur when the warning signs of stroke last only a few moments and then disappear. these brief episodes are also sometimes called "mini-strokes." although brief, they identify an underlying serious condition that isn't going away without medical help. unfortunately, since they clear up, many people ignore them. don't ignore them. heeding them can save your life.
how many people are affected by alexander disease ? <sep> the prevalence of alexander disease is unknown. about 500 cases have been reported since the disorder was first described in 1949.
what are the treatments for transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ? <sep> tses tend to progress rapidly and usually culminate in death over the course of a few months to a few years.
how many people are affected by restless legs syndrome ? <sep> restless legs syndrome is one of the most common sleep and movement disorders. it affects an estimated 5 to 10 percent of adults and 2 to 4 percent of children in the united states. for unknown reasons, the disorder affects women more often than men. the prevalence of restless legs syndrome increases with age.
what is (are) whipple disease ? <sep> whipple disease is a rare bacterial infection that primarily affects the small intestine. the infection may spread to any organ in the body; however, it more commonly affects the - joints - central nervous system, which includes the brain, the spinal cord, and nerves located throughout the body - heart - eyes - lungs left untreated, whipple disease gets worse and is usually life threatening.
what is (are) health disparities ? <sep> health disparities refer to differences in the health status of different groups of people. some groups of people have higher rates of certain diseases, and more deaths and suffering from them, compared to others. these groups may be based on - race - ethnicity - immigrant status - disability - sex or gender - sexual orientation - geography - income nih: national institute on minority health and health disparities
how many people are affected by congenital deafness with labyrinthine aplasia, microtia, and microdontia ? <sep> lamm syndrome is a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. approximately a dozen affected families have been identified.
what are the treatments for congenital myopathy ? <sep> currently, only central core disease has an effective treatment (see above). there are no known cures for any of these disorders. supportive treatment may involve orthopedic treatments, as well as physical, occupational or speech therapy.
how many people are affected by hepatic lipase deficiency ? <sep> hepatic lipase deficiency is likely a rare disorder; only a few affected families have been reported in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for glycogen storage disease type vi ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of glycogen storage disease type vi: - gene review: gene review: glycogen storage disease type vi - genetic testing registry: glycogen storage disease, type vi these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia ? <sep> what causes bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia (boop)? boop may be caused by a variety of factors, including viral infections, inhalation of toxic gases, drugs, connective tissue disorders, radiation therapy, cocaine, inflammatory bowl disease, and hiv infection. in many cases, the underlying cause of boop is unknown. these cases are called idiopathic boop or cryptogenic organizing pneumonia (cop).
how many people are affected by andermann syndrome ? <sep> andermann syndrome is most often seen in the french-canadian population of the saguenay-lac-st.-jean and charlevoix regions of northeastern quebec. in this population, andermann syndrome occurs in almost 1 in 2,000 newborns. only a few individuals with this disorder have been identified in other regions of the world.
what is the outlook for meralgia paresthetica ? <sep> meralgia paresthetica usually has a good prognosis. in most cases, meralgia paresthetica will improve with conservative treatment or may even spontaneously resolve. surgical intervention is not always fully successful.
what are the symptoms of nephrotic syndrome in adults ? <sep> in addition to proteinuria, hyperlipidemia, edema, and hypoalbumina, people with nephrotic syndrome may experience - weight gain - fatigue - foamy urine - loss of appetite
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for hypersomnia ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on sleep disorders such as hypersomnia. the goal of this research is to increase scientific understanding of the condition, find improved methods of diagnosing and treating it, and discover ways to prevent it.
what are the treatments for spinocerebellar ataxia type 1 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sca1: - gene review: gene review: spinocerebellar ataxia type 1 - genetic testing registry: spinocerebellar ataxia 1 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is histiocytosis-lymphadenopathy plus syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is autosomal recessive hypotrichosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes menetrier disease ? <sep> what causes mntrier disease? the exact cause of mntrier disease is unknown. however, it has been associated with cytomegalovirus (cmv) infection in children and heliobacter pylori (h. pylori) infection in adults. in addition, some have suggested that overexpression of a type of growth factor called the transforming growth factor-, which is found in a specific part of the stomach, the superficial gastric epithelium, might play a role.
what is (are) learning disabilities ? <sep> learning disabilities are disorders that affect the ability to understand or use spoken or written language, do mathematical calculations, coordinate movements, or direct attention. although learning disabilities occur in very young children, the disorders are usually not recognized until the child reaches school age. research shows that 8 to 10 percent of american children under 18 years of age have some type of learning disability.
what are the treatments for neuronal migration disorders ? <sep> treatment is symptomatic, and may include anti-seizure medication and special or supplemental education consisting of physical, occupational, and speech therapies.
how many people are affected by protein c deficiency ? <sep> mild protein c deficiency affects approximately 1 in 500 individuals. severe protein c deficiency is rare and occurs in an estimated 1 in 4 million newborns.
what causes hallermann-streiff syndrome ? <sep> what causes hallermann-streiff syndrome? the genetic cause of hallerman-streiff syndrome has not been identified. it reportedly typically occurs randomly for unknown reasons (sporadically), most likely due to a new spontaneous (de novo) mutation in the affected individual.
how many people are affected by osteoarthritis ? <sep> the chance of developing osteoarthritis increases with age. it is estimated that 33.6% (12.4 million) of individuals age 65 and older are affected by the disease.
is chorea-acanthocytosis inherited ? <sep> how do people inherit chorea-acanthocytosis? chorea-acanthocytosis is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is genitopatellar syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition has an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. all reported cases have resulted from new mutations in the gene and have occurred in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by glutathione synthetase deficiency ? <sep> glutathione synthetase deficiency is very rare. this disorder has been described in more than 70 people worldwide.
how many people are affected by naegeli-franceschetti-jadassohn syndrome/dermatopathia pigmentosa reticularis ? <sep> nfjs/dpr is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. only a few affected families have been reported in the medical literature.
is familial glucocorticoid deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by miller syndrome ? <sep> miller syndrome is a rare disorder; it is estimated to affect fewer than 1 in 1 million newborns. at least 30 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for glycogen storage disease type vii ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of glycogen storage disease type vii: - genetic testing registry: glycogen storage disease, type vii - the swedish information centre for rare diseases these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is progressive pseudorheumatoid dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by moyamoya disease ? <sep> moyamoya disease was first identified in japan, where it is most prevalent, affecting about 5 in 100,000 individuals. the condition is also relatively common in other asian populations. it is ten times less common in europe. in the united states, asian americans are four times more commonly affected than whites. for unknown reasons, moyamoya disease occurs twice as often in females as in males.
how many people are affected by pdgfrb-associated chronic eosinophilic leukemia ? <sep> the exact prevalence of pdgfrb-associated chronic eosinophilic leukemia is unknown. for unknown reasons, males are up to nine times more likely than females to develop pdgfrb-associated chronic eosinophilic leukemia.
what are the treatments for sepiapterin reductase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sepiapterin reductase deficiency: - gene review: gene review: sepiapterin reductase deficiency - genetic testing registry: sepiapterin reductase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for larsen syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of larsen syndrome: - gene review: gene review: flnb-related disorders - genetic testing registry: larsen syndrome - genetic testing registry: larsen syndrome, dominant type these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is thanatophoric dysplasia inherited ? <sep> thanatophoric dysplasia is considered an autosomal dominant disorder because one mutated copy of the fgfr3 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the condition. virtually all cases of thanatophoric dysplasia are caused by new mutations in the fgfr3 gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. no affected individuals are known to have had children; therefore, the disorder has not been passed to the next generation.
is pol iii-related leukodystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes patent ductus arteriosus ? <sep> if your child has patent ductus arteriosus (pda), you may think you did something wrong during your pregnancy to cause the problem. however, the cause of patent ductus arteriosus isn't known. genetics may play a role in causing the condition. a defect in one or more genes might prevent the ductus arteriosus from closing after birth.
who is at risk for electrocardiogram? ? <sep> an electrocardiogram (ekg) has no serious risks. it's a harmless, painless test that detects the heart's electrical activity. ekgs don't give off electrical charges, such as shocks. you may develop a mild rash where the electrodes (soft patches) were attached. this rash often goes away without treatment.
what are the treatments for pelizaeus-merzbacher disease ? <sep> how might pelizaeus-merzbacher disease be treated?
how many people are affected by glycogen storage disease type vi ? <sep> the exact prevalence of gsdvi is unknown. at least 11 cases have been reported in the medical literature, although this condition is likely to be underdiagnosed because it can be difficult to detect in children with mild symptoms or adults with no symptoms. gsdvi is more common in the old older mennonite population, with an estimated incidence of 1 in 1,000 individuals.
what causes cramp-fasciculation syndrome ? <sep> what causes cramp-fasciculation syndrome? in many cases, the exact underlying cause of cramp-fasciculation syndrome (cfs) is unknown (idiopathic). in general, it is thought to be related to abnormal excitability (overactivity) of peripheral neurons. some cases of cfs are associated with: genetic disorders autoimmune conditions peripheral neuropathy anterior-horn-cell disease metabolic abnormalities
is isodicentric chromosome 15 syndrome inherited ? <sep> isodicentric chromosome 15 syndrome is usually not inherited. the chromosomal change that causes the disorder typically occurs as a random event during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) in a parent of the affected individual. most affected individuals have no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for osteoarthritis ? <sep> warm towels, hot packs, or a warm bath or shower can provide temporary pain relief. medications such as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, or nsaids, help reduce pain and inflammation that result from osteoarthritis. a doctor or physical therapist can recommend if heat or cold is the best treatment. for osteoarthritis in the knee, wearing insoles or cushioned shoes may reduce joint stress.
what is the outlook for tethered spinal cord syndrome ? <sep> with treatment, individuals with tethered spinal cord syndrome have a normal life expectancy. however, some neurological and motor impairments may not be fully correctable. surgery soon after symptoms emerge appears to improve chances for recovery and can prevent further functional decline.
what is the outlook for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (cidp) ? <sep> the course of cidp varies widely among individuals. some may have a bout of cidp followed by spontaneous recovery, while others may have many bouts with partial recovery in between relapses. the disease is a treatable cause of acquired neuropathy and initiation of early treatment to prevent loss of nerve axons is recommended. however, some individuals are left with some residual numbness or weakness.
what causes kidney disease ? <sep> kidney disease is most often caused by diabetes or high blood pressure. each kidney contains about one million tiny filters made up of blood vessels. these filters are called glomeruli. diabetes and high blood pressure damage these blood vessels, so the kidneys are not able to filter the blood as well as they used to. usually this damage happens slowly, over many years. as more and more filters are damaged, the kidneys eventually stop working.
is triple a syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is pendred syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) parasites - lice - head lice ? <sep> the head louse, or pediculus humanus capitis, is a parasitic insect that can be found on the head, eyebrows, and eyelashes of people. head lice feed on human blood several times a day and live close to the human scalp. head lice are not known to spread disease.
how many people are affected by familial dilated cardiomyopathy ? <sep> it is estimated that 750,000 people in the united states have dilated cardiomyopathy; roughly half of these cases are familial.
how to diagnose klinefelter syndrome ? <sep> how is klinefelter syndrome diagnosed? a diagnosis of klinefelter syndrome is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. additional testing can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. this generally includes a chromosomal analysis (called a karyotype). it is also possible to diagnosis klinefelter syndrome before birth through chorionic villous sampling or amniocentesis.
what are the treatments for mitochondrial neurogastrointestinal encephalopathy syndrome ? <sep> how might mitochondrial neurogastrointestinal encephalopathy syndrome be treated? references john m shoffner. mitochondrial neurogastrointestinal encephalopathy disease. genereviews. may 11, 2010; http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/nbk1179/. accessed 3/27/2011.
what causes cushing's syndrome ? <sep> what causes cushing's syndrome? cushing's syndrome is caused by long-term exposure of the body's tissues to cortisol, a hormone that is naturally produced by the adrenal gland. exposure to too much cortisol can result from long-term use of corticosteriod medications used to treat inflammatory illnesses. pituitary adenomas (benign tumors of the pituitary gland) or tumors of the adrenal gland may also cause cortisol imbalances.
how many people are affected by x-linked sideroblastic anemia ? <sep> this form of anemia is uncommon. however, researchers believe that it may not be as rare as they once thought. increased awareness of the disease has led to more frequent diagnoses.
how to prevent alzheimer's disease ? <sep> keeping the mind sharpthrough social engagement or intellectual stimulationis associated with a lower risk of alzheimers disease. activities like working, volunteering, reading, going to lectures, and playing computer and other games are being studied to see if they might help prevent alzheimers. but we do not know with certainty whether these activities can actually prevent alzheimers. find out about things you can do that may keep your brain healthy.
do you have information about toddler nutrition <sep> summary : food provides the energy and nutrients that young children need to be healthy. toddlers are learning to feed themselves and to eat new foods. they should eat a variety of foods from all of the food groups. each day, toddlers need enough nutrients, including - 7 milligrams of iron - 700 milligrams of calcium - 600 iu of vitamin d
how to diagnose hanhart syndrome ? <sep> how is hanhart syndrome diagnosed? a diagnosis of hanhart syndrome is typically made based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. in some cases, the diagnosis may be suspected before birth if concerning features are seen on ultrasound.
what is (are) hereditary angioedema ? <sep> hereditary angioedema (hae) is an immune disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of severe swelling. the most commonly affected areas of the body are the limbs, face, intestinal tract, and airway. hae is caused by low levels or improper function of a protein called c1 inhibitor which affects the blood vessels. this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern.
is roberts syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by alg1-congenital disorder of glycosylation ? <sep> alg1-cdg appears to be a rare disorder; fewer than 30 affected individuals have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by systemic scleroderma ? <sep> the prevalence of systemic scleroderma is estimated to range from 50 to 300 cases per 1 million people. for reasons that are unknown, women are four times more likely to develop the condition than men.
what causes gout ? <sep> most people with gout have too much uric acid in their blood, a condition called hyperuricemia. uric acid is a substance that results from the breakdown of purines, which are part of all human tissue and are found in many foods, especially those high in protein. needle-like crystals of uric acid can build up in the connective tissue, in the joint space between two bones, or both. if too many uric acid crystals form as a result of hyperuricemia, gout can develop.
is tetrahydrobiopterin deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for myopathy ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts an extensive research program on neuromuscular disorders such as the myopathies. much of this research is aimed at increasing scientific understanding of these disorders, and finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
how many people are affected by tyrosine hydroxylase deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of th deficiency is unknown.
what are the treatments for microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type 1 ? <sep> how might microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type 1 (mopd1) be treated? at this time there are no specific treatments for mopd1. treatment is generally supportive. the prognosis is poor for affected individuals, with most of the reported patients dying within the first year of life.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for alternating hemiplegia ? <sep> the ninds supports research on paralytic disorders such as alternating hemiplegia, with the goals of learning more about these disorders and finding ways to prevent, treat and, ultimately cure them.
what are the treatments for familial cylindromatosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of familial cylindromatosis: - genetic testing registry: cylindromatosis, familial these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by platyspondylic lethal skeletal dysplasia, torrance type ? <sep> this condition is very rare; only a few affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
what are the treatments for geographic tongue ? <sep> what treatment is available for geographic tongue? because geographic tongue is a benign (harmless) condition and does not typically cause symptoms, treatment is usually unnecessary. even those patients who experience sensitivity to hot or spicy foods, generally do not require treatment. with severe symptoms, topical corticosteroids, zinc supplements, and topical anesthetic rinses seem to reduce the discomfort in some patients.
what are the treatments for schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia: - gene review: gene review: schimke immunoosseous dysplasia - genetic testing registry: schimke immunoosseous dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by vldlr-associated cerebellar hypoplasia ? <sep> vldlr-associated cerebellar hypoplasia is rare; its prevalence is unknown. the condition was first described in the hutterite population in canada and the united states. this condition has also been reported in families from iran and turkey.
is cowden syndrome inherited ? <sep> cowden syndrome and cowden-like syndrome are inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the condition and increase the risk of developing cancer. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases may result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what is the outlook for essential thrombocythemia ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options for essential thrombocythemia. prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the age of the patient. - whether the patient has signs or symptoms or other problems related to essential thrombocythemia.
what are the treatments for agenesis of the corpus callosum ? <sep> there is no standard course of treatment for acc. treatment usually involves management of symptoms and seizures if they occur. associated difficulties are much more manageable with early recognition and therapy, especially therapies focusing on left/right coordination. early diagnosis and interventions are currently the best treatments to improve social and developmental outcomes.
who is at risk for microscopic colitis: collagenous colitis and lymphocytic colitis? ? <sep> no. unlike the other inflammatory bowel diseases, such as crohns disease and ulcerative colitis, microscopic colitis does not increase a persons risk of getting colon cancer.
what are the treatments for hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type v ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hsan5: - genetic testing registry: congenital sensory neuropathy with selective loss of small myelinated fibers these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for hemifacial spasm ? <sep> the prognosis for an individual with hemifacial spasm depends on the treatment and their response. some individuals will become relatively free from symptoms with injection therapy. some may require surgery. in most cases, a balance can be achieved, with tolerable residual symptoms.
is campomelic dysplasia inherited ? <sep> campomelic dysplasia is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in or near the sox9 gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. rarely, affected individuals inherit a chromosome abnormality from a parent who may or may not show mild signs and symptoms of campomelic dysplasia.
is gm3 synthase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by clouston syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of clouston syndrome is unknown. cases have been reported in many populations; the disorder is especially common among people of french-canadian descent.
what is the outlook for moebius syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for moebius syndrome. in spite of the impairments that characterize the disorder, proper care and treatment give many individuals a normal life expectancy.
how many people are affected by hearing loss ? <sep> approximately 17 percent, or 36 million, of american adults say that they have some degree of hearing loss. hearing loss is a common condition in older adults. roughly one-third of americans 65 to 74 years of age and 47 percent of those 75 and older have hearing loss.
what is (are) stroke ? <sep> there are two kinds of stroke. the most common kind of stroke is called ischemic stroke. it accounts for approximately 80 percent of all strokes. an ischemic stroke is caused by a blood clot that blocks or plugs a blood vessel in the brain. the other kind of stroke is called hemorrhagic stroke. a hemorrhagic stroke is caused by a blood vessel that breaks and bleeds into the brain.
is hereditary leiomyomatosis and renal cell cancer inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how to prevent acanthamoeba - granulomatous amebic encephalitis (gae); keratitis ? <sep> topics
what is (are) hairy tongue ? <sep> hairy tongue is a condition in which the the central top portion of the tongue presents with an abnormal coloring. although the abnormal coating is typically black in color, brown, yellow, and green discoloration has been described.
what is (are) pigmented purpuric eruption ? <sep> pigmented purpuric eruption is a condition that causes reddish-brown skin lesions, most commonly on the lower legs. in some cases, the skin lesions cause severe itching. the skin lesions may spread over time, or clear up on their own. the cause of pigmented purpuric eruption is unknown.
what are the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ? <sep> rheumatoid arthritis is characterized by inflammation of the joint lining. this inflammation causes warmth, redness, swelling, and pain around the joints. the pain of rheumatoid arthritis varies greatly from person to person, for reasons that doctors do not yet understand completely. factors that contribute to the pain include swelling within the joint, the amount of heat or redness present, or damage that has occurred within the joint.
what causes accessory navicular bone ? <sep> what causes of accessory navicular bone? the cause of accessory navicular bone is unknown. in some cases, the condition may be related to the development of flatfoot also known as pes planus, in other cases it may be related to repeated foot and ankle sprains.
what is (are) tongue disorders ? <sep> your tongue helps you taste, swallow, and chew. you also use it to speak. your tongue is made up of many muscles. the upper surface contains your taste buds. problems with the tongue include - pain - swelling - changes in color or texture - abnormal movement or difficulty moving the tongue - taste problems these problems can have many different causes. treatment depends on the underlying problem.
what are the symptoms of idiopathic juxtafoveal retinal telangiectasia ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of idiopathic juxtafoveal retinal telangiectasia? signs and symptoms of idiopathic juxtafoveal retinal telangiectasia may include slow loss of vision, distorted vision, trouble reading, and scotomata (a spot in the visual field in which vision is absent or deficient).
what are the treatments for gaucher disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of gaucher disease: - baby's first test - gene review: gene review: gaucher disease - genetic testing registry: gaucher disease - medlineplus encyclopedia: gaucher disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes x-linked dominant scapuloperoneal myopathy ? <sep> what causes x-linked dominant scapuloperoneal myopathy? x-linked dominant scapuloperoneal myopathy is caused by mutations in the fhl1 gene. the fhl1 gene is located on chromosome xq26. this gene may be involved in muscle development or hypertrophy.
is costeff syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes cherubism ? <sep> how does one get cherubism? what causes cherubism? genetic changes (mutations) in the sh3bp2 gene cause cherubism. about 80 percent of people with cherubism have a mutation in the sh3bp2 gene. in most of the remaining cases, the genetic cause of the condition is unknown.
how many people are affected by senior-lken syndrome ? <sep> senior-lken syndrome is a rare disorder, with an estimated prevalence of about 1 in 1 million people worldwide. only a few families with the condition have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by mabry syndrome ? <sep> mabry syndrome is likely a rare condition, but its prevalence is unknown. more than 20 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for hypotonia ? <sep> the ninds supports research on conditions that can result from neurological disorders, such as hypotonia. much of this research is aimed at learning more about these conditions and finding ways to prevent and treat them.
how many people are affected by psoriatic arthritis ? <sep> psoriatic arthritis affects an estimated 24 in 10,000 people. between 5 and 10 percent of people with psoriasis develop psoriatic arthritis, according to most estimates. some studies suggest a figure as high as 30 percent. psoriasis itself is a common disorder, affecting approximately 2 to 3 percent of the population worldwide.
how many people are affected by adolescent idiopathic scoliosis ? <sep> adolescent idiopathic scoliosis is the most common spinal abnormality in children. it affects an estimated 2 to 3 percent of children in the u.s.
what are the treatments for farber's disease ? <sep> currently there is no specific treatment for farbers disease. corticosteroids may help relieve pain. bone marrow transplants may improve granulomas (small masses of inflamed tissue) on individuals with little or no lung or nervous system complications. older persons may have granulomas surgically reduced or removed.
how many people are affected by choroideremia ? <sep> the prevalence of choroideremia is estimated to be 1 in 50,000 to 100,000 people. however, it is likely that this condition is underdiagnosed because of its similarities to other eye disorders. choroideremia is thought to account for approximately 4 percent of all blindness.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for encephaloceles ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a wide range of studies that explore the complex mechanisms of normal brain development. the knowledge gained from these fundamental studies provides the foundation for understanding how this process can go awry and offers hope for new means to treat and prevent congenital brain disorders including neural tube defects such as encephaloceles.
what are the symptoms of silicosis ? <sep> what are the symptoms of silicosis? symptoms of silicosis may include: chronic cough shortness of breath with exercise, usually in patients who have progressive massive fibrosis weakness other symptoms of this disease, especially in acute silicosis, may also include: cough fever severe breathing difficulty weight loss night sweats chest pains
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for hemicrania continua ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) support research related to hemicrania continua through grants to medical research institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on understanding hemicrania continua in order to finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure the disorder.
what is the outlook for paraneoplastic syndromes ? <sep> there are no cures for paraneoplastic syndromes. there are no available treatments to stop progressive neurological damage. generally, the stage of cancer at diagnosis determines the outcome.
is progressive familial heart block inherited ? <sep> progressive familial heart block types i and ii are inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of an altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. some people with trpm4 gene mutations never develop the condition, a situation known as reduced penetrance. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with progressive familial heart block.
is abdominal wall defect inherited ? <sep> most cases of abdominal wall defect are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. multiple genetic and environmental factors likely play a part in determining the risk of developing this disorder. when an abdominal wall defect, most often omphalocele, is a feature of a genetic condition, it is inherited in the pattern of that condition.
what are the treatments for x-linked myotubular myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of x-linked myotubular myopathy: - gene review: gene review: x-linked centronuclear myopathy - genetic testing registry: severe x-linked myotubular myopathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by liddle syndrome ? <sep> liddle syndrome is a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. the condition has been found in populations worldwide.
is chronic hiccups inherited ? <sep> are chronic hiccups inherited? chronic hiccups are not thought to be inherited. most cases occur sporadically in people with no family history of the condition.
how many people are affected by juvenile myoclonic epilepsy ? <sep> juvenile myoclonic epilepsy affects an estimated 1 in 1,000 people worldwide. approximately 5 percent of people with epilepsy have juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
what is (are) arts syndrome ? <sep> arts syndrome is characterized by sensorineural hearing loss and serious neurological and immune system problems in males. females can also be affected by this condition, but they typically have much milder symptoms. arts syndrome is caused by mutations in the prps1 gene which is located on the x chromosome. it is inherited in an x-linked recessive manner.
what are the treatments for langer mesomelic dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of langer mesomelic dysplasia: - genetic testing registry: langer mesomelic dysplasia syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of aquagenic pruritus ? <sep> what symptoms are observed in patients who have aquagenic pruritus? aquagenic pruritus causes intense itching in the parts of the body that come in contact with water without an associated rash. the head, palms, soles, and mucosa are usually not affected.
what is the outlook for empty sella syndrome ? <sep> ess is not a life-threatening condition. most often, and particularly among those with primary ess, the disorder does not cause health problems and does not affect life expectancy.
how many people are affected by neurofibromatosis type 1 ? <sep> neurofibromatosis type 1 occurs in 1 in 3,000 to 4,000 people worldwide.
how many people are affected by isolated pierre robin sequence ? <sep> isolated pierre robin sequence affects an estimated 1 in 8,500 to 14,000 people.
how many people are affected by klippel-feil syndrome ? <sep> klippel-feil syndrome is estimated to occur in 1 in 40,000 to 42,000 newborns worldwide. females seem to be affected slightly more often than males.
how to prevent medullary sponge kidney ? <sep> health care providers may prescribe certain medications to prevent utis and kidney stones: - a person with medullary sponge kidney may need to continue taking a low-dose antibiotic to prevent recurrent infections. - medications that reduce calcium in the urine may help prevent calcium kidney stones. these medications may include - potassium citrate - thiazide
how many people are affected by duane-radial ray syndrome ? <sep> duane-radial ray syndrome is a rare condition whose prevalence is unknown. only a few affected families have been reported worldwide.
what are the treatments for fahr's syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for fahr's syndrome, nor is there a standard course of treatment. treatment addresses symptoms on an individual basis.
what are the complications of vesicoureteral reflux ? <sep> when a child with vur gets a uti, bacteria can move into the kidney and lead to scarring. scarring of the kidney can be associated with high blood pressure and kidney failure. however, most children with vur who get a uti recover without long-term complications.
how many people are affected by beckwith-wiedemann syndrome ? <sep> beckwith-wiedemann syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 13,700 newborns worldwide. the condition may actually be more common than this estimate because some people with mild symptoms are never diagnosed.
is tetra-amelia syndrome inherited ? <sep> in most of the families reported so far, tetra-amelia syndrome appears to have an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance. autosomal recessive inheritance means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with tetra-amelia syndrome each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for autosomal recessive axonal neuropathy with neuromyotonia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of autosomal recessive axonal neuropathy with neuromyotonia: - genetic testing registry: gamstorp-wohlfart syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is clouston syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is legius syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is tyrosinemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for neonatal progeroid syndrome ? <sep> how might neonatal progeroid syndrome be treated? because neonatal progeroid syndrome affects many different systems of the body, medical management is often provided by a team of doctors and other healthcare professionals. treatment varies based on the signs and symptoms present in each person. for example, a feeding tube may be recommended in infants with feeding difficulties who have trouble putting on weight.
is osteoporosis-pseudoglioma syndrome inherited ? <sep> osteoporosis-pseudoglioma syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the lrp5 gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition. however, some carriers may have decreased bone mineral density.
is walker-warburg syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the symptoms of i can lower my risk for type 2 diabetes: a guide for american indians ? <sep> many people have no visible signs or symptoms of diabetes. symptoms can also be so mild that you might not notice them. more than 5 million people in the united states have type 2 diabetes and do not know it. - increased thirst - increased hunger - fatigue - increased urination, especially at night - unexplained weight loss - blurred vision - sores that do not heal
what are the treatments for desmoid tumor ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of desmoid tumor: - dana-farber cancer institute - desmoid tumor research foundation: about desmoid tumors - genetic testing registry: desmoid disease, hereditary these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of microcystic adnexal carcinoma ? <sep> what are the symptoms of microcystic adnexal carcinoma? microcystic adnexal carcinoma appears as a smooth bump or patch that is slightly raised from the surrounding skin. it may be flesh-colored or yellowish, and it increases in size over time. a microcystic adnexal carcinoma may grow into nerves nearby, which can cause discomfort, numbness, tingling (paresthesia), burning, or itching.
what are the treatments for piriformis syndrome ? <sep> generally, treatment for the disorder begins with stretching exercises and massage. anti-inflammatory drugs may be prescribed. cessation of running, bicycling, or similar activities may be advised. a corticosteroid injection near where the piriformis muscle and the sciatic nerve meet may provide temporary relief. in some cases, surgery is recommended.
what is the outlook for congenital myasthenia ? <sep> the prognosis depends on the specific subtype of congenital myasthenia, the muscles involved, and the age at onset of symptoms. if a child has difficulty breathing, feeding, or swallowing, they may be vulnerable to pneumonia or respiratory failure. in other cases, weakness is stable and does not worsen over time. in one subtype, weakness improves with time. life-span is normal in most cases in which respiratory function is not compromised.
how many people are affected by legius syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of legius syndrome is unknown. many individuals with this disorder are likely misdiagnosed because the signs and symptoms of legius syndrome are similar to those of neurofibromatosis type 1.
is adult polyglucosan body disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by septo-optic dysplasia ? <sep> septo-optic dysplasia has a reported incidence of 1 in 10,000 newborns.
what is (are) lipodermatosclerosis ? <sep> lipodermatosclerosis refers to changes in the skin of the lower legs. it is a form of panniculitis (inflammation of the layer of fat under the skin). signs and symptoms include pain, hardening of skin, change in skin color (redness), swelling, and a tapering of the legs above the ankles. the exact underlying cause is unknown; however, it appears to be associated with venous insufficiency and/or obesity. treatment usually includes compression therapy.
how many people are affected by parkes weber syndrome ? <sep> parkes weber syndrome is a rare condition; its exact prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for high blood cholesterol ? <sep> there are two main ways to lower your cholesterol: therapeutic lifestyle changes and medicines.
how many people are affected by sox2 anophthalmia syndrome ? <sep> sox2 anophthalmia syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 250,000 individuals. about 10 percent to 15 percent of people with anophthalmia in both eyes have sox2 anophthalmia syndrome.
how many people are affected by renal tubular dysgenesis ? <sep> renal tubular dysgenesis is a rare disorder, but its prevalence is unknown.
is chorea-acanthocytosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is senior-lken syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for gerstmann's syndrome ? <sep> in adults, many of the symptoms diminish over time. although it has been suggested that in children symptoms may diminish over time, it appears likely that most children probably do not overcome their deficits, but learn to adjust to them.
what are the treatments for lung cancer ? <sep> small cell lung cancer spreads quickly. in many cases, cancer cells have already spread to other parts of the body when the disease is diagnosed, so chemotherapy is usually the best choice. see more on treatments for small cell lung cancer.
what are the treatments for clouston syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of clouston syndrome: - gene review: gene review: hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia 2 - genetic testing registry: hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by neutral lipid storage disease with myopathy ? <sep> neutral lipid storage disease with myopathy is a rare condition; its incidence is unknown.
how many people are affected by 9q22.3 microdeletion ? <sep> 9q22.3 microdeletion appears to be a rare chromosomal change. about three dozen affected individuals have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by n-acetylglutamate synthase deficiency ? <sep> n-acetylglutamate synthase deficiency is a very rare disorder. only a few cases have been reported worldwide, and the overall incidence is unknown.
what are the treatments for brody myopathy ? <sep> how might brody disease be treated? there have been case reports describing treatment of brody disease with the muscle relaxant, dantrolene and with calcium channel blockers with varying success.
what is (are) osteoarthritis ? <sep> osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis among older people. it affects hands, low back, neck, and weight-bearing joints such as knees, hips, and feet. osteoarthritis occurs when cartilage, the tissue that cushions the ends of the bones within the joints, breaks down and wears away. this causes bones to rub together, causing pain, swelling, and loss of motion of the joint.
what is the outlook for thyrotoxic myopathy ? <sep> with treatment, muscle weakness may improve or be reversed.
what to do for simple kidney cysts ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing simple kidney cysts.
is laryngo-onycho-cutaneous syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for myotonia congenita ? <sep> most people with myotonia congenita dont require special treatments. stiff muscles usually resolve with exercise, or light movement, especially after resting. for individuals whose symptoms are more limiting, doctors have had some success with medications such as quinine, or anticonvulsant drugs such as phenytoin. physical therapy and other rehabilitative therapies are also sometimes used to improve muscle function.
what are the symptoms of copd ? <sep> call your doctor right away if your symptoms worsen suddenly. people with copd may have symptoms that suddenly get worse. when this happens, you have a much harder time catching your breath. symptoms that worsen suddenly can include sudden chest tightness, more coughing, a change in your sputum (mucus), or fever. your doctor will look at things that may be causing these sudden symptoms. sometimes the symptoms are caused by a lung infection.
what is (are) adenoameloblastoma ? <sep> adenoameloblastoma is a lesion that is often found in the upper jaw. some consider it a non-cancerous tumor, others a hamartoma (tumor-like growth) or cyst. often, an early sign of the lesion is painless swelling. these tumors are rarely found outside of the jaw.
is myasthenia gravis inherited ? <sep> in most cases, myasthenia gravis is not inherited and occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family. about 3 to 5 percent of affected individuals have other family members with myasthenia gravis or other autoimmune disorders, but the inheritance pattern is unknown.
how many people are affected by congenital myasthenic syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of congenital myasthenic syndrome is unknown. at least 600 families with affected individuals have been described in the scientific literature.
how to diagnose parasites - schistosomiasis ? <sep> stool or urine samples can be examined microscopically for parasite eggs (stool for s. mansoni or s. japonicum eggs and urine for s. haematobium eggs). the eggs tend to be passed intermittently and in small amounts and may not be detected, so it may be necessary to perform a blood (serologic) test. more on: resources for health professionals: diagnosis
what are the treatments for mevalonate kinase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mevalonate kinase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: hyperimmunoglobulin d with periodic fever - genetic testing registry: mevalonic aciduria these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of what i need to know about kidney stones ? <sep> you may have a kidney stone if you - have pain while urinating - see blood in your urine - feel a sharp pain in your back or lower abdomenthe area between your chest and hips the pain may last for a short or long time. you may have nausea and vomiting with the pain. if you have a small stone that passes on its own easily, you may not have symptoms at all.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for thoracic outlet syndrome ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes at the national institutes of health support research in tos through grants to major medical research institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to diagnose and treat tos.
how many people are affected by donnai-barrow syndrome ? <sep> although its prevalence is unknown, donnai-barrow syndrome appears to be a rare disorder. a few dozen affected individuals have been reported in many regions of the world.
what are the treatments for kuskokwim syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of kuskokwim syndrome: - genetic testing registry: kuskokwim disease - mount sinai hospital: contractures information these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by frontometaphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> frontometaphyseal dysplasia is a rare disorder; only a few dozen cases have been reported worldwide.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for herpes zoster oticus ? <sep> the ninds supports research on shingles and shingles-related conditions. current studies focus on the relationship between the persistence of neurotropic viruses and development of neurological diseases including herpes simplex and varicella-zoster viruses.
how many people are affected by spinal muscular atrophy ? <sep> spinal muscular atrophy affects 1 in 6,000 to 1 in 10,000 people.
is bannayan-riley-ruvalcaba syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what causes simple kidney cysts ? <sep> the cause of simple kidney cysts is not fully understood. obstruction of tubulestiny structures within the kidneys that collect urineor deficiency of blood supply to the kidneys may play a role. diverticulasacs that form on the tubulesmay detach and become simple kidney cysts. the role of genetic factors in the development of simple kidney cysts has not been studied.
is megalencephaly-capillary malformation syndrome inherited ? <sep> mcap is not inherited from a parent and does not run in families. in people with mcap, a pik3ca gene mutation arises randomly in one cell during the early stages of development before birth. as cells continue to divide, some cells will have the mutation and other cells will not. this mixture of cells with and without a genetic mutation is known as mosaicism.
how many people are affected by pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1 ? <sep> pha1 is a rare condition that has been estimated to affect 1 in 80,000 newborns.
what is (are) skin cancer ? <sep> squamous cell carcinoma develops in the squamous cells of the epidermis, the outer layer of the skin. it is much less common than basal cell carcinoma and is rarely life-threatening. squamous cell carcinoma occurs most often on parts of the body that have been exposed to the sun, such as the face, ears, neck, hands and legs. however, it can be found on any part of the body.
what is the outlook for stiff-person syndrome ? <sep> treatment with ivig, anti-anxiety drugs, muscle relaxants, anti-convulsants, and pain relievers will improve the symptoms of sps, but will not cure the disorder. most individuals with sps have frequent falls and because they lack the normal defensive reflexes; injuries can be severe. with appropriate treatment, the symptoms are usually well controlled.
is cornelia de lange syndrome inherited ? <sep> is cornelia de lange syndrome inherited? cornelia de lange syndrome (cdls) can be inherited in an autosomal dominant (nipbl, smc2, or rad21) or x-linked (smc1a or hdac8) manner depending on the underlying genetic cause. however, most cases (more than 99%) result from new (de novo) mutations and occur in people with no family history of the condition.
how many people are affected by laron syndrome ? <sep> laron syndrome is a rare disorder. about 350 people have been diagnosed with the condition worldwide. the largest single group of affected individuals (about 100 people) lives in an area of southern ecuador.
what is the outlook for glossopharyngeal neuralgia ? <sep> some individuals recover from an initial attack and never have another. others will experience clusters of attacks followed by periods of short or long remission. individuals may lose weight if they fear that chewing, drinking, or eating will cause an attack.
is autosomal dominant vitreoretinochoroidopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
how many people are affected by carney complex ? <sep> carney complex is a rare disorder; fewer than 750 affected individuals have been identified.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for tarlov cysts ? <sep> the ninds, a component of the national institutes of health within the u.s. department of health and human services, vigorously pursues a research program seeking new treatments to reduce and prevent pain and nerve damage.
how many people are affected by mecp2 duplication syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of mecp2 duplication syndrome is unknown; approximately 120 affected individuals have been reported in the scientific literature. it is estimated that this condition is responsible for 1 to 2 percent of all cases of intellectual disability caused by changes in the x chromosome.
what are the symptoms of anemia of inflammation and chronic disease ? <sep> anemia of inflammation and chronic disease typically develops slowly and, because it is usually mild, may cause few or no symptoms. symptoms of anemia may also be masked by the symptoms of the underlying disease. sometimes, ai/acd can cause or contribute to - fatigue - weakness - pale skin - a fast heartbeat - shortness of breath - exercise intolerance
how many people are affected by hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies ? <sep> hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies is estimated to occur in 2 to 5 per 100,000 individuals.
is chromosome 4q deletion inherited ? <sep> how is chromosome 4q deletion inherited? chromosome 4q deletion is usually not inherited. the deletion often occurs sporadically as a random event during the formation of the egg or sperm. in this case, a person would have no family history of the condition but could pass the deletion on to children. rarely, this deletion is passed down from parent to child. however, the symptoms and severity can vary between family members.
what is the outlook for uterine sarcoma ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the stage of the cancer. - the type and size of the tumor. - the patient's general health. - whether the cancer has just been diagnosed or has recurred (come back).
is holt-oram syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what to do for prevent diabetes problems: keep your diabetes under control ? <sep> following a healthy eating plan is a key step in living with diabetes and preventing diabetes problems. your health care team will help you make a healthy eating plan. more information is provided in the niddk health topic, what i need to know about eating and diabetes or call 18008608747.
what is (are) skin cancer ? <sep> spf is a sun protection rating. the spf of a sunscreen is a measure of the time it takes to produce a sunburn in a person wearing sunscreen compared to the time it takes to produce a sunburn in a person not wearing sunscreen. this varies from person to person, so be sure to reapply sunscreen every 2-3 hours.
is guanidinoacetate methyltransferase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) lupus nephritis ? <sep> lupus nephritis is kidney inflammation caused by systemic lupus erythematosus (sle or lupus). sle is an autoimmune diseasea disorder in which the bodys immune system attacks the bodys own cells and organs. up to 60 percent of people with sle are diagnosed with lupus nephritis, which can lead to significant illness and even death.1
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for hydrocephalus ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a wide range of fundamental studies that explore the complex mechanisms of normal brain development. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to protect, treat, and ultimately cure disorders such as hydrocephalus.
what are the treatments for juvenile hyaline fibromatosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of juvenile hyaline fibromatosis: - gene review: gene review: hyalinosis, inherited systemic - genetic testing registry: hyaline fibromatosis syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes autoimmune hepatitis ? <sep> what causes autoimmune hepatitis? although the exact cause of autoimmune hepatitis is unknown, evidence suggests that liver injury in a patient with autoimmune hepatitis is the result of a cell-mediated immunologic attack. this autoimmune attack may be triggered by genetic factors, viral infections, or chemical agents. autoimmune hepatitis sometimes occurs in relatives of people with autoimmune diseases, further suggesting a genetic cause.
how to diagnose congenital laryngeal palsy ? <sep> how is congenital laryngeal paralysis diagnosed? the following online resources provide information on the diagnosis of congenital laryngeal paralysis: national institute on deafness and other communication disorders- vocal fold paralysis american speech-language-hearing association (asha) - vocal cord paralysis medscape reference - congenital malformations of the larynx
is bladder cancer inherited ? <sep> bladder cancer is typically not inherited. most often, tumors result from genetic mutations that occur in bladder cells during a person's lifetime. these noninherited genetic changes are called somatic mutations.
what is (are) striatonigral degeneration ? <sep> striatonigral degeneration is a neurological disorder caused by a disruption in the connection between two areas of the brain-the striatum and the substantia nigra. these two areas work together to enable balance and movement. striatonigral degeneration is a type of multiple system atrophy (msa). symptoms of the disorder resemble some of those seen in parkinson's disease, including rigidity, instability, impaired speech, and slow movements.
what causes childhood astrocytomas ? <sep> the cause of most childhood brain tumors is not known.
what is the outlook for kleine-levin syndrome ? <sep> episodes eventually decrease in frequency and intensity over the course of eight to 12 years.
what are the treatments for caffey disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of caffey disease: - cedars-sinai: skeletal dysplasia - gene review: gene review: caffey disease - genetic testing registry: infantile cortical hyperostosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
who is at risk for colorectal cancer? ? <sep> yes. ulcerative colitis is a condition in which there is a chronic break in the lining of the colon. it has been associated with an increased risk of colon cancer.
how many people are affected by episodic ataxia ? <sep> episodic ataxia is uncommon, affecting less than 1 in 100,000 people. only types 1 and 2 have been identified in more than one family, and type 2 is by far the most common form of the condition.
is brooke-spiegler syndrome inherited ? <sep> susceptibility to brooke-spiegler syndrome has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell increases the risk of developing this condition. however, a second, non-inherited mutation is required for development of skin appendage tumors in this disorder.
what is (are) gum (periodontal) disease ? <sep> gum disease is an infection of the tissues that hold your teeth in place. in its early stages, it is usually painless, and many people are not aware that they have it. but in more advanced stages, gum disease can lead to sore or bleeding gums, painful chewing problems, and even tooth loss.
what causes heart failure ? <sep> heart failure is caused by other diseases and conditions that damage the heart muscle. it is most commonly caused by coronary artery disease, including heart attack. diabetes and high blood pressure also contribute to heart failure risk. people who have had a heart attack are at high risk of developing heart failure.
how to diagnose copd ? <sep> to confirm a copd diagnosis, a doctor will use a breathing test called spirometry. the test is easy and painless. it shows how well the lungs are working. the spirometer measures how much air the lungs can hold and how fast air is blown out of the lungs. other tests, such as bronchodilator reversibility testing, a chest x-ray, and arterial blood gas test, may be ordered.
how many people are affected by isolated growth hormone deficiency ? <sep> the incidence of isolated growth hormone deficiency is estimated to be 1 in 4,000 to 10,000 individuals worldwide.
how many people are affected by x-linked myotubular myopathy ? <sep> the incidence of x-linked myotubular myopathy is estimated to be 1 in 50,000 newborn males worldwide.
how many people are affected by von hippel-lindau syndrome ? <sep> the incidence of von hippel-lindau syndrome is estimated to be 1 in 36,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by phosphoglycerate kinase deficiency ? <sep> phosphoglycerate kinase deficiency appears to be a rare disorder. about 30 families with affected members have been reported in the scientific literature.
what is the outlook for herpes zoster oticus ? <sep> generally, the prognosis of herpes zoster oticus is good. however, in some cases, hearing loss may be permanent. vertigo may last for days or weeks. facial paralysis may be temporary or permanent.
how many people are affected by adiposis dolorosa ? <sep> adiposis dolorosa is a rare condition whose prevalence is unknown. for reasons that are unclear, it occurs up to 30 times more often in women than in men.
what is (are) what i need to know about bladder control for women ? <sep> not all bladder control problems are alike. some problems are caused by weak muscles, while others are caused by damaged nerves. sometimes the cause may be a medicine that dulls the nerves. to help solve your problem, your doctor or nurse will try to identify the type of incontinence you have. it may be one or more of the following six types.
what causes medullary sponge kidney ? <sep> scientists do not fully understand the cause of medullary sponge kidney or why cysts form in the tubules during fetal development. even though medullary sponge kidney is present at birth, most cases do not appear to be inherited.
is multicentric osteolysis, nodulosis, and arthropathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for moyamoya disease ? <sep> without surgery, the majority of individuals with moyamoya disease will experience mental decline and multiple strokes because of the progressive narrowing of arteries.without treatment,moyamoya diseasecan be fatal as the result ofintracerebral hemorrhage (bleeding within the brain).
is pfeiffer syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for infantile refsum disease ? <sep> the primary treatment for ird is to avoid foods that contain phytanic acid, including dairy products; beef and lamb; and fatty fish such as tuna, cod, and haddock. although this prevents the accumulation of phytanic acid, it does not address the accumulation of very long chain fatty acids, and the deficiency of bile acids and plasmalogens.
is d-bifunctional protein deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by gilbert syndrome ? <sep> gilbert syndrome is a common condition that is estimated to affect 3 to 7 percent of americans.
what are the treatments for adermatoglyphia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of adermatoglyphia: - genetic testing registry: adermatoglyphia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) leukemia ? <sep> myeloma and lymphoma are other types of blood cancers. both are common among older adults and occur more often in men than women. myeloma affects plasma cells, a type of white blood cells typically found in the bone marrow. lymphoma starts in the lymphatic system, which is part of the body's immune system. learn more about myeloma.
what is (are) creating a family health history ? <sep> a family health history is a written record of the diseases and health conditions within a family. it provides information about family members' medical histories, lifestyle habits, and early living environments.
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer ? <sep> yes. any of the symptoms caused by prostate cancer may also be due to enlargement of the prostate, which is not cancer. if you have any of the symptoms mentioned in question #10, see your doctor or a urologist to find out if you need treatment. a urologist is a doctor who specializes in treating diseases of the genitourinary system.
what are the treatments for wagner syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of wagner syndrome: - gene review: gene review: vcan-related vitreoretinopathy - genetic testing registry: wagner syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for brooke-spiegler syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of brooke-spiegler syndrome: - genetic testing registry: spiegler-brooke syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is tetrasomy 18p inherited ? <sep> tetrasomy 18p is usually not inherited. the chromosomal change responsible for the disorder typically occurs as a random event during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) in a parent of the affected individual, usually the mother. most affected individuals have no history of the disorder in their family. however, rare inherited cases of tetrasomy 18p have been reported.
how many people are affected by x-linked thrombocytopenia ? <sep> the estimated incidence of x-linked thrombocytopenia is between 1 and 10 per million males worldwide; this condition is rarer among females.
how many people are affected by glycogen storage disease type v ? <sep> gsdv is a rare disorder; however, its prevalence is unknown. in the dallas-fort worth area of texas, where the prevalence of gsdv has been studied, the condition is estimated to affect 1 in 100,000 individuals.
what is (are) kimura disease ? <sep> kimura disease is a rare, benign, chronic disorder that causes inflammation of tissue (nodules) under the skin of the head or neck. these nodules tend to recur despite treatment. the cause of this condition is unknown, but may be due to an immune response.
is leptin receptor deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is cerebral autosomal recessive arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy inherited ? <sep> as its name suggests, this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern. autosomal recessive inheritance means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for brody myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of brody myopathy: - genetic testing registry: brody myopathy - new york presbyterian hospital: myopathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of high blood cholesterol ? <sep> high blood cholesterol usually has no signs or symptoms. thus, many people don't know that their cholesterol levels are too high. if you're 20 years old or older, have your cholesterol levels checked at least once every 5 years. talk with your doctor about how often you should be tested.
how many people are affected by cole disease ? <sep> cole disease is a rare disease; its prevalence is unknown. only a few affected families have been described in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for piebaldism ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of piebaldism: - genetic testing registry: partial albinism these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by otospondylomegaepiphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> this condition is rare; the prevalence is unknown. only a few families with osmed have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by vitelliform macular dystrophy ? <sep> vitelliform macular dystrophy is a rare disorder; its incidence is unknown.
how many people are affected by malignant migrating partial seizures of infancy ? <sep> mmpsi is a rare condition. although its prevalence is unknown, approximately 100 cases have been described in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for legg-calv-perthes disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of legg-calv-perthes disease: - national osteonecrosis foundation - seattle children's hospital these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by nonsyndromic paraganglioma ? <sep> it is estimated that the prevalence of pheochromocytoma is 1 in 500,000 people, and the prevalence of other paragangliomas is 1 in 1 million people. these statistics include syndromic and nonsyndromic paraganglioma and pheochromocytoma.
what are the treatments for gum (periodontal) disease ? <sep> treatments may include deep cleaning, medications, surgery, and bone and tissue grafts.
what are the treatments for systemic lupus erythematosus ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of systemic lupus erythematosus: - medlineplus encyclopedia: antinuclear antibody panel these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for what i need to know about diverticular disease ? <sep> eating high-fiber foods can help relieve symptoms. sometimes mild pain medications also help.
how many people are affected by tibial muscular dystrophy ? <sep> tibial muscular dystrophy is most common in finland, where it is estimated to affect at least 10 per 100,000 people. this condition has also been found in people of finnish descent living in other countries. additionally, tibial muscular dystrophy has been identified in several european families without finnish ancestry.
how many people are affected by irak-4 deficiency ? <sep> irak-4 deficiency is a very rare condition, although the exact prevalence is unknown. at least 49 individuals with this condition have been described in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis: - gene review: gene review: cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis - genetic testing registry: cholestanol storage disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to prevent lujo hemorrhagic fever (luhf) ? <sep> although rodent control would be desirable, it will not be a successful strategy for preventing lujo hemorrhagic fever cases caused by exposures outdoors. as for other hemorrhagic fevers, full barrier nursing procedures should be implemented during management of suspected or confirmed luhf cases (no infection occurred after their implementation in south africa).
what is (are) choosing a doctor or health care service ? <sep> we all want high-quality health care, but it's hard to know how to choose. there are many things to consider, including - what your insurance covers - whether a health care provider or service is accredited - the location of a service - hours that the service is available - whether you like a health care provider's personality on this page you'll find information to help you choose a health care provider or service.
is pallister-hall syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits a mutation in the gli3 gene from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for beta-ureidopropionase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of beta-ureidopropionase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: deficiency of beta-ureidopropionase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes adult-onset still's disease ? <sep> what causes adult-onset still's disease? the cause of adult-onset stills disease is unknown. some hypothesize that the condition results from or is triggered by a virus or other infectious agent. others believe that it is a hypersensitive or autoimmune disorder. to date, no conclusive evidence has been found to prove or disprove either theory.
is sandhoff disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase superactivity ? <sep> prs superactivity is believed to be a rare disorder. approximately 30 families with the condition have been reported. more than two thirds of these families are affected by the milder form of the disease.
how many people are affected by sjgren-larsson syndrome ? <sep> sjgren-larsson syndrome was first observed in sweden, where the prevalence of this condition is 1 per 250,000 individuals. outside sweden, the prevalence of this condition is unknown.
is serpiginous choroiditis inherited ? <sep> can i inherit serpiginous choroiditis if my mother has the condition? no familial predillection or propensity has been described.
what are the treatments for parasites - baylisascaris infection ? <sep> no drugs have been shown to be totally effective for the treatment of baylisascaris infection. albendazole, a broad spectrum anthelmintic, has been recommended for specific cases. early treatment might reduce serious damage caused by the infection. should you suspect you may have ingested raccoon feces, seek immediate medical attention. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
what are the treatments for mantle cell lymphoma ? <sep> how might mantle cell lympoma be treated? various treatmentsare currently available for mantle cell lymphomas. rare cases of early stage mantle cell lymphomas may be treated with radiation therapy. for more advance stagestreatment includes chemotherapy, immunotherapy, bone marrow transplant, and medication.
what are the treatments for spinal muscular atrophy ? <sep> there is no cure for sma. treatment consists of managing the symptoms and preventing complications.
what is the outlook for absence of the septum pellucidum ? <sep> when the absence of the septum pellucidum is part of septo-optic dysplasia, the prognosis varies according to the presence and severity of associated symptoms. by itself, absence of the septum pellucidum is not life-threatening.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for dravet syndrome ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a broad program of basic and clinical research on all types of epilepsy, including dravet syndrome. study of the genetic defects responsible for dravet syndrome and related disorders is expected to lead to the development of effective drug therapies.
what is the outlook for corticobasal degeneration ? <sep> corticobasal degeneration usually progresses slowly over the course of 6 to 8 years. death is generally caused by pneumonia or other complications of severe debility such as sepsis or pulmonary embolism.
how many people are affected by autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia type 1 ? <sep> more than 100 people have been diagnosed with arca1. this condition was first discovered in individuals from the beauce and bas-saint-laurent regions of quebec, canada, but it has since been found in populations worldwide.
what are the treatments for rabson-mendenhall syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of rabson-mendenhall syndrome: - genetic testing registry: pineal hyperplasia and diabetes mellitus syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is multicentric castleman disease inherited ? <sep> is multicentric castleman disease inherited? although the exact underlying cause of multicentric castleman disease is unknown, it is thought to occur sporadically in people with no family history of the condition.
is oculocutaneous albinism inherited ? <sep> oculocutaneous albinism is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of a gene in each cell have mutations. most often, the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by ring chromosome 14 syndrome ? <sep> ring chromosome 14 syndrome appears to be a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. more than 50 affected individuals have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for nicolaides-baraitser syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of nicolaides-baraitser syndrome: - gene review: gene review: nicolaides-baraitser syndrome - genetic testing registry: nicolaides-baraitser syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for pelizaeus-merzbacher disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pelizaeus-merzbacher disease: - gene review: gene review: plp1-related disorders - genetic testing registry: pelizaeus-merzbacher disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for muckle-wells syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of muckle-wells syndrome: - genetic testing registry: familial amyloid nephropathy with urticaria and deafness these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
who is at risk for colorectal cancer? ? <sep> studies show that the following risk factors may increase a person's chances of developing colorectal cancer: age, polyps, personal history, family history, and ulcerative colitis.
what are the treatments for dyslexia ? <sep> the main focus of treatment should be on the specific learning problems of affected individuals. the usual course is to modify teaching methods and the educational environment to meet the specific needs of the individual with dyslexia.
what causes megalencephaly, polymicrogyria, and hydrocephalus (mpph) syndrome ? <sep> what causes megalencephaly, polymicrogyria, and hydrocephalus (mpph) syndrome? the cause of mpph syndrome is unknown. infection during pregnancy or fetal accident is thought to be unlikely.
what are the treatments for epidermolytic hyperkeratosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of epidermolytic hyperkeratosis: - genetic testing registry: bullous ichthyosiform erythroderma - the swedish information centre for rare diseases: ichthyosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) kidney disease ? <sep> when you visit your doctor, here are questions to ask about your kidneys. - what is my gfr? - what is my urine albumin result? - what is my blood pressure? - what is my blood glucose (for people with diabetes)? what is my gfr? what is my urine albumin result? what is my blood pressure? what is my blood glucose (for people with diabetes)?
is mowat-wilson syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by brody myopathy ? <sep> brody myopathy is a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by pol iii-related leukodystrophy ? <sep> pol iii-related leukodystrophy is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. only about 40 cases have been described in the medical literature. however, researchers believe that a significant percentage of people with an unspecified hypomyelinating leukodystrophy could have pol iii-related leukodystrophy.
how many people are affected by arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy ? <sep> arvc occurs in an estimated 1 in 1,000 to 1 in 1,250 people. this disorder may be underdiagnosed because it can be difficult to detect in people with mild or no symptoms.
what are the treatments for anonychia congenita ? <sep> how might anonychia congenita be treated? there is limited information regarding anonychia congenita because it is very rare. after a careful review of the medical literature, we did not find any information about treatment for this condition.
is autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia type 1 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is autosomal recessive primary microcephaly inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for batten disease ? <sep> as yet, no specific treatment is known that can halt or reverse the symptoms of batten disease. however, seizures can sometimes be reduced or controlled with anticonvulsant drugs, and other medical problems can be treated appropriately as they arise. physical therapy and occupational therapy may help patients retain functioning as long as possible.
is lupus inherited ? <sep> is lupus inherited? the lupus foundation of american has a page called is lupus hereditary? that provides a good overview. they also have a genetics page for all of their content tagged as related to genetics. medscape reference has an in-depth review of the genetics of lupus that was written for healthcare professionals but can be useful to anyone looking for detailed information. you may have to register to view the article, but registration is free.
what is (are) lymphocytic infiltrate of jessner ? <sep> lymphocytic infiltrate of jessner is a skin condition characterized by single or multiple small, nonscaly, red, bumps on the face, neck, and upper back. the bumps can enlarge to create a red plaque. rarely, the skin lesions cause burning or itching. the condition tends to last for several months, sometimes longer. the lesions may fluctuate between periods of worsening and periods of improvement. currently, the cause is not known.
how many people are affected by autosomal dominant vitreoretinochoroidopathy ? <sep> advirc is considered a rare disease. its prevalence is unknown.
what to do for cystocele ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing a cystocele.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for hemifacial spasm ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) conducts and supports research related to hemifacial spams through grants to major research institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure neurological disorders, such as hemifacial spasm.
what are the treatments for familial pityriasis rubra pilaris ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of familial pityriasis rubra pilaris: - genetic testing registry: pityriasis rubra pilaris these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for lambert-eaton myasthenic syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with lems varies. those with lems not associated with malignancy have a benign overall prognosis. generally the presence of cancer determines the prognosis.
is esophageal atresia/tracheoesophageal fistula inherited ? <sep> when ea/tef occurs as a feature of a genetic syndrome or chromosomal abnormality, it may cluster in families according to the inheritance pattern for that condition. often ea/tef is not inherited, and there is only one affected individual in a family.
what is the outlook for ataxia telangiectasia ? <sep> average lifespan has been improving for years, for unknown reasons, and varies with the severity of the underlying mutations, atm (ataxia-telangiectasia mutated) protein levels, and residual atm kinase activity. some individuals with later onset of disease and slower progression survive into their 50s.
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> triglycerides are another kind of fat that your liver makes. they can also signal an increased chance of developing heart disease.
is triosephosphate isomerase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for familial periodic paralyses ? <sep> the prognosis for the familial periodic paralyses varies. chronic attacks may result in progressive weakness that persists between attacks. some cases respond well to treatment, which can prevent or reverse progressive muscle weakness.
how many people are affected by rapid-onset dystonia parkinsonism ? <sep> rapid-onset dystonia parkinsonism appears to be a rare disorder, although its prevalence is unknown. it has been diagnosed in individuals and families from the united states, europe, and korea.
what are the complications of anemia in chronic kidney disease ? <sep> heart problems are a complication of anemia and may include - an irregular heartbeat or an unusually fast heartbeat, especially when exercising. - the harmful enlargement of muscles in the heart. - heart failure, which does not mean the heart suddenly stops working. instead, heart failure is a long-lasting condition in which the heart cant pump enough blood to meet the bodys needs.
how many people are affected by benign familial neonatal seizures ? <sep> benign familial neonatal seizures occurs in approximately 1 in 100,000 newborns.
what are the treatments for laryngo-onycho-cutaneous syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of laryngo-onycho-cutaneous syndrome: - genetic testing registry: laryngoonychocutaneous syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for septo-optic dysplasia ? <sep> treatment for sod is symptomatic. hormone deficiencies may be treated with hormone replacement therapy. the optical problems associated with sod are generally not treatable. vision, physical, and occupational therapies may be required.
how many people are affected by adult-onset leukoencephalopathy with axonal spheroids and pigmented glia ? <sep> alsp is thought to be a rare disorder, although the prevalence is unknown. because it can be mistaken for other disorders with similar symptoms, alsp may be underdiagnosed.
is mycosis fungoides inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of mycosis fungoides has not been determined. although the condition has been found in multiple members of more than a dozen families, it most often occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family and is typically not inherited.
how many people are affected by medullary sponge kidney ? <sep> medullary sponge kidney affects about one person per 5,000 people in the united states. researchers have reported that 12 to 20 percent of people who develop calcium-based kidney stones have medullary sponge kidney1.
what is (are) prescription and illicit drug abuse ? <sep> addiction is a chronic disease in which a person craves, seeks, and continues to abuse a legal (medication, alcohol, tobacco) or an illicit (illegal) drug, despite harmful consequences. people who are addicted continue to abuse the substance even though it can harm their physical or mental health, lead to accidents, or put others in danger. for more on drugs and the brain, see drugs, brains and behavior: the science of addiction.
how many people are affected by osteopetrosis ? <sep> autosomal dominant osteopetrosis is the most common form of the disorder, affecting about 1 in 20,000 people. autosomal recessive osteopetrosis is rarer, occurring in an estimated 1 in 250,000 people. other forms of osteopetrosis are very rare. only a few cases of intermediate autosomal osteopetrosis and ol-eda-id have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by epidermolysis bullosa with pyloric atresia ? <sep> eb-pa appears to be a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. at least 50 affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
is stevens-johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis inherited ? <sep> sjs/ten is not an inherited condition. however, the genetic changes that increase the risk of developing sjs/ten can be passed from one generation to the next.
what to do for prostate enlargement: benign prostatic hyperplasia ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing benign prostatic hyperplasia. however, a health care provider can give information about how changes in eating, diet, or nutrition could help with treatment. men should talk with a health care provider or dietitian about what diet is right for them.
how many people are affected by multiple sulfatase deficiency ? <sep> multiple sulfatase deficiency is estimated to occur in 1 per million individuals worldwide. approximately 50 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
is spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for intervertebral disc disease ? <sep> how might intervertebral disc disease be treated? in the absence of red flags, the initial approach to treatment is typically conservative and includes physical therapy and pain medications. in 90% of affected individuals, acute attacks of sciatica usually improve within 4 to 6 weeks without surgical intervention. in cases where surgical intervention is necessary, surgical procedures may include discectomy or spinal fusion.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for leukodystrophy ? <sep> the ninds supports research on genetic disorders, including the leukodystrophies. the goals of this research are to increase scientific understanding of these disorders, and to find ways to prevent, treat, and, ultimately, cure them.
what are the treatments for melkersson-rosenthal syndrome ? <sep> treatment is symptomatic and may include medication therapies with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids) and corticosteroids to reduce swelling, as well as antibiotics and immunosuppressants. surgery may be recommended to relieve pressure on the facial nerves and to reduce swollen tissue, but its effectiveness has not been established. massage and electrical stimulation may also be prescribed.
what are the treatments for refsum disease ? <sep> the primary treatment for ard is to restrict or avoid foods that contain phytanic acid, including dairy products; beef and lamb; and fatty fish such as tuna, cod, and haddock. some individuals may also require plasma exchange (plasmapheresis) in which blood is drawn, filtered, and reinfused back into the body, to control the buildup of phytanic acid.
what are the treatments for tarsal-carpal coalition syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of tarsal-carpal coalition syndrome: - foot health facts: tarsal coalition - genetic testing registry: tarsal carpal coalition syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for sandhoff disease ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with sandhoff disease is poor. death usually occurs by age 3 and is generally caused by respiratory infections.
is familial isolated hyperparathyroidism inherited ? <sep> this condition is typically inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by citrullinemia ? <sep> type i citrullinemia is the most common form of the disorder, affecting about 1 in 57,000 people worldwide. type ii citrullinemia is found primarily in the japanese population, where it occurs in an estimated 1 in 100,000 to 230,000 individuals. type ii also has been reported in other populations, including people from east asia and the middle east.
how many people are affected by acatalasemia ? <sep> more than 100 cases of acatalasemia have been reported in the medical literature. researchers estimate that the condition occurs in about 1 in 12,500 people in japan, 1 in 20,000 people in hungary, and 1 in 25,000 people in switzerland. the prevalence of acatalasemia in other populations is unknown.
what are the treatments for parasites - taeniasis ? <sep> treatment is available after accurate diagnosis. your doctor will provide prescription medication, either praziquantel or niclosamide, which is taken by mouth. the medication is also available in a childrens dosage. work with your health care provider for proper treatment options for you and your family. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
is arginase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) dry mouth ? <sep> sjgren's syndrome clinic national institute of dental and craniofacial research building 10, room 1n113 10 center drive msc 1190 bethesda, md 20892-1190 301-435-8528 http://www.nidcr.nih.gov/research/nidcrlaboratories/ molecularphysiology/sjogrenssyndrome/default.htm
is nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) dicarboxylic aminoaciduria ? <sep> dicarboxylic aminoaciduria is a rare metabolic disorder characterized by the excessive loss of aspartate and glutamate in urine. symptoms have varied greatly among the few reported cases. dicarboxylic aminoaciduria is caused by mutations in the slc1a1 gene. it is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion.
what are the treatments for thalassemia ? <sep> how might thalassemia be treated? the best treatment options depend on the severity of thalassemia. people affected by a mild form often need little to no treatment, while people with intermediate to severe thalassemias may require frequent blood transfusions, iron chelation therapy (treatments to remove excess iron from the body), and/or folic acid supplementation. for more information on the treatment of thalassemia, please click here.
what are the treatments for coffin-lowry syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of coffin-lowry syndrome: - gene review: gene review: coffin-lowry syndrome - genetic testing registry: coffin-lowry syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for klippel-trenaunay syndrome (kts) ? <sep> kts is often a progressive disorder, and complications may be life-threatening. however, many individuals can live well while managing their symptoms.
what are the treatments for wallenberg's syndrome ? <sep> treatment for wallenberg's syndrome is symptomatic. a feeding tube may be necessary if swallowing is very difficult. speech/swallowing therapy may be beneficial. in some cases, medication may be used to reduce or eliminate pain. some doctors report that the anti-epileptic drug gabapentin appears to be an effective medication for individuals with chronic pain.
how many people are affected by multiple lentigines syndrome ? <sep> multiple lentigines syndrome is thought to be a rare condition; approximately 200 cases have been reported worldwide.
is medium-chain acyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for paresthesia ? <sep> the ninds supports research on disorders of the brain, spinal cord, and peripheral nerves that can cause paresthesia. the goals of this research are to increase scientific understanding of these disorders and to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
what is the outlook for neurological complications of aids ? <sep> the overall prognosis for individuals with aids in recent years has improved significantly because of new drugs and treatments. aids clinicians often fail to recognize neurological complications of aids. those who suspect they are having neurological complications should be sure to discuss these with their doctor.
how many people are affected by triosephosphate isomerase deficiency ? <sep> triosephosphate isomerase deficiency is likely a rare condition; approximately 40 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for absence of the septum pellucidum ? <sep> absence of the sp alone is not a disorder but is instead a characteristic noted in children with septo-optic dysplasia or other developmental anomalies.
what are the complications of knee replacement ? <sep> to reduce the risk of clots, your doctor may have you elevate your leg periodically and prescribe special exercises, support hose, or blood thinners. to reduce the risk of infection, your doctor may prescribe antibiotics for you to take prior to your surgery and for a short time afterward.
what are the treatments for age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> wet amd can be treated with laser surgery, photodynamic therapy, and drugs that are injected into the eye. none of these treatments is a cure for wet amd. the disease and loss of vision may progress despite treatment.
is hereditary folate malabsorption inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) leiomyosarcoma ? <sep> leiomyosarcoma is a rare cancerous tumor that consists of smooth (involuntary) muscle cells. leiomyosarcoma is a type of sarcoma. it spreads through the blood stream and can affect the lungs, liver, blood vessels, or any other soft tissue in the body. the exact cause of leiomyosarcoma is not known, although genetic and environmental factors appear to be involved. it is most often found in the uterus or abdomen.
how many people are affected by glycogen storage disease type iv ? <sep> gsd iv is estimated to occur in 1 in 600,000 to 800,000 individuals worldwide. type iv accounts for roughly 3 percent of all cases of glycogen storage disease.
how many people are affected by achondroplasia ? <sep> achondroplasia is the most common type of short-limbed dwarfism. the condition occurs in 1 in 15,000 to 40,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by baraitser-winter syndrome ? <sep> baraitser-winter syndrome is a rare condition. fewer than 50 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
is pyruvate carboxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for multiple system atrophy with orthostatic hypotension ? <sep> the ninds supports research on disorders of the autonomic nervous system, including multiple system atrophy with orthostatic hypotension. this research is aimed at developing techniques to diagnose, treat, and prevent these disorders. currently there are ongoing treatment trials of drugs to treat msa.
how many people are affected by muenke syndrome ? <sep> muenke syndrome occurs in about 1 in 30,000 newborns. this condition accounts for an estimated 8 percent of all cases of craniosynostosis.
what are the symptoms of polycystic kidney disease ? <sep> an early sign of autosomal recessive pkd is an enlarged kidney, seen in a fetus or an infant using ultrasound. kidney function is crucial for early physical development, so children with autosomal recessive pkd and decreased kidney function are usually smaller-than-average size, a condition called growth failure. some people with autosomal recessive pkd do not develop signs or symptoms until later in childhood or even adulthood.
how many people are affected by x-linked agammaglobulinemia ? <sep> xla occurs in approximately 1 in 200,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by persistent mllerian duct syndrome ? <sep> persistent mllerian duct syndrome is a rare disorder; however, the prevalence of the condition is unknown.
what is (are) parasites - cyclosporiasis (cyclospora infection) ? <sep> cyclospora cayetanensis is a parasite composed of one cell, too small to be seen without a microscope. this parasite causes an intestinal infection called cyclosporiasis.
how many people are affected by rippling muscle disease ? <sep> the prevalence of rippling muscle disease is unknown.
what is the outlook for behcet's disease ? <sep> behcet's disease is a lifelong disorder that comes and goes. permanent remission of symptoms has not been reported.
is horizontal gaze palsy with progressive scoliosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for subacute sclerosing panencephalitis ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes at the national institutes of health conduct research related to sspe in their clinics and laboratories and support additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat and ultimately cure sspe.
what are the treatments for coffin-siris syndrome ? <sep> how might coffin-siris syndrome be treated? people with coffin-siris syndrome may benefit from occupational, physical, and speech therapy. developmental pediatricians may be helpful in recommending and coordinating therapeutic and educational interventions. additional specialty care may be needed depending on the symptoms in the individual, such as by gastrointestinal, eye, kidney, heart, and hearing specialists.
what are the symptoms of hemochromatosis ? <sep> a person with hemochromatosis may notice one or more of the following symptoms: - joint pain - fatigue, or feeling tired - unexplained weight loss - abnormal bronze or gray skin color - abdominal pain - loss of sex drive not everyone with hemochromatosis will develop these symptoms.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for progressive supranuclear palsy ? <sep> research is ongoing on parkinson's and alzheimer's diseases. better understanding of those common, related disorders will go a long way toward solving the problem of psp, just as studying psp may help shed light on parkinson's and alzheimer's diseases.
what are the treatments for salih myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of salih myopathy: - gene review: gene review: salih myopathy - genetic testing registry: myopathy, early-onset, with fatal cardiomyopathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for van der woude syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of van der woude syndrome: - gene review: gene review: irf6-related disorders - genetic testing registry: van der woude syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is frasier syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by myasthenia gravis ? <sep> myasthenia gravis affects about 20 per 100,000 people worldwide. the prevalence has been increasing in recent decades, which likely results from earlier diagnosis and better treatments leading to longer lifespans for affected individuals.
how many people are affected by infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis ? <sep> the incidence of infantile ncl is unknown. collectively, all forms of ncl affect an estimated 1 in 100,000 individuals worldwide. ncls are more common in finland, where approximately 1 in 12,500 individuals are affected.
how many people are affected by glycogen storage disease type 0 ? <sep> the prevalence of gsd 0 is unknown; fewer than 10 people with the muscle type and fewer than 30 people with the liver type have been described in the scientific literature. because some people with muscle gsd 0 die from sudden cardiac arrest early in life before a diagnosis is made and many with liver gsd 0 have mild signs and symptoms, it is thought that gsd 0 may be underdiagnosed.
what are the treatments for high blood cholesterol ? <sep> the main goal of cholesterol-lowering treatment is to lower your ldl (bad) cholesterol level enough to reduce your risk of having a heart attack or diseases caused by narrowing of the arteries.
is xeroderma pigmentosum inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration ? <sep> the precise incidence of this condition is unknown. it is estimated to affect 1 to 3 per million people worldwide.
do you have information about teens' page <sep> summary : if you are a teenager, this page is for you! it includes materials specifically for you - not for your parents - about health and safety for teens. there are quizzes, games and lots of cool web sites for you to explore. have fun!
what are the symptoms of shingles ? <sep> a week or two after the blisters erupt, the oozing sores will begin to crust over. the sores are usually gone after another two weeks. the pain usually decreases over the next few weeks, but some patients may have pain for months -- sometimes, for years.
what is (are) 2,4-dienoyl-coa reductase deficiency ? <sep> 2,4-dienoyl-coa reductase deficiency is associated with hypotonia and respiratory acidosis in infancy. this condition may be associated with the decr1 gene and likely has an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance.
how many people are affected by van der woude syndrome ? <sep> van der woude syndrome is believed to occur in 1 in 35,000 to 1 in 100,000 people, based on data from europe and asia. van der woude syndrome is the most common cause of cleft lip and palate resulting from variations in a single gene, and this condition accounts for approximately 1 in 50 such cases.
how many people are affected by dolk-congenital disorder of glycosylation ? <sep> dolk-cdg is likely a rare condition; at least 18 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for irak-4 deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of irak-4 deficiency: - genetic testing registry: irak4 deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) diabetic retinopathy ? <sep> in this test, a special dye is injected into your arm. pictures are taken as the dye passes through the blood vessels in your retina. the test allows your eye care professional to identify any leaking blood vessels and recommend treatment.
how many people are affected by cryptogenic cirrhosis ? <sep> cirrhosis affects more than 600,000 people in the united states; cryptogenic cirrhosis likely accounts for 5 to 30 percent of these cases.
what are the treatments for farber lipogranulomatosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of farber lipogranulomatosis: - genetic testing registry: farber's lipogranulomatosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy: - gene review: gene review: pla2g6-associated neurodegeneration - genetic testing registry: infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by myofibrillar myopathy ? <sep> the prevalence of myofibrillar myopathy is unknown.
is pontocerebellar hypoplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for northern epilepsy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of northern epilepsy: - gene review: gene review: neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinoses - genetic testing registry: ceroid lipofuscinosis, neuronal, 8, northern epilepsy variant these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by hajdu-cheney syndrome ? <sep> hajdu-cheney syndrome is a rare disease; its prevalence is unknown. fewer than 100 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
how to diagnose 21-hydroxylase deficiency ? <sep> is genetic testing for 21-hydroxylase-deficient congenital adrenal hyperplasia available? yes. genetic testing of 21-hydroxylase-deficient congenital adrenal hyperplasia is available. in most people with this condition, the genetic test result can be used to predict disease severity. click here to view a list of laboratories offering cyp21a2 testing.
what causes dry mouth ? <sep> yes. more than 400 medicines, including some over-the-counter medications, can cause the salivary glands to make less saliva, or to change the composition of the saliva so that it can't perform the functions it should. as an example, medicines for urinary incontinence, allergies, high blood pressure, and depression often cause dry mouth.
what are the treatments for progressive hemifacial atrophy ? <sep> how might progressive hemifacial atrophy be treated?
how many people are affected by bradyopsia ? <sep> bradyopsia appears to be rare. only a few affected individuals worldwide have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency ? <sep> cact deficiency is very rare; at least 30 cases have been reported.
what are the treatments for tetrasomy 18p ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of tetrasomy 18p: - chromosome 18 clinical research center, university of texas health science center at san antonio - genetic testing registry: chromosome 18, tetrasomy 18p these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is dowling-degos disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is paroxysmal extreme pain disorder inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by gillespie syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of gillespie syndrome is unknown. only a few dozen affected individuals have been described in the medical literature. it has been estimated that gillespie syndrome accounts for about 2 percent of cases of aniridia.
what is the outlook for barth syndrome ? <sep> early and accurate diagnosis is key to prolonged survival for boys born with barth syndrome. the disorder was once considered uniformly fatal in infancy, but some individuals are now living much longer. severe infections and cardiac failure are common causes of death in affected children.
is 15q24 microdeletion inherited ? <sep> the identified cases of 15q24 microdeletion have occurred in people with no history of the condition in their family. the chromosomal change likely occurs as a random event during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) or in early fetal development.
what is the outlook for adult primary liver cancer ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the stage of the cancer (the size of the tumor, whether it affects part or all of the liver, or has spread to other places in the body). - how well the liver is working. - the patients general health, including whether there is cirrhosis of the liver.
what is (are) glaucoma ? <sep> the optic nerve is a bundle of more than 1 million nerve fibers. it connects the retina to the brain.
what are the treatments for troyer syndrome ? <sep> there are no specific treatments to prevent or slow the progressive degeneration seen in troyer syndrome. symptomatic therapy includes antispasmodic drugs and physical therapy to improve muscle strength and maintain range of motion in the legs. assistive devices may be needed to help with walking.
how many people are affected by wagner syndrome ? <sep> wagner syndrome is a rare disorder, although its exact prevalence is unknown. approximately 300 affected individuals have been described worldwide; about half of these individuals are from the netherlands.
how many people are affected by adult polyglucosan body disease ? <sep> adult polyglucosan body disease is a rare condition; although its exact prevalence is unknown, at least 50 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for type a insulin resistance syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of type a insulin resistance syndrome: - genetic testing registry: insulin-resistant diabetes mellitus and acanthosis nigricans these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for normal pressure hydrocephalus ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on neurological disorders, including normal pressure hydrocephalus. research on disorders such as normal pressure hydrocephalus focuses on increasing knowledge and understanding of the disorder, improving diagnostic techniques and neuroimaging, and finding improved treatments and preventions.
how many people are affected by catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia ? <sep> the prevalence of cpvt is estimated to be about 1 in 10,000 people. however, the true prevalence of this condition is unknown.
what is (are) wildervanck syndrome ? <sep> wildervanck syndrome is a condition that occurs almost exclusively in females and affects the bones in the neck, the eyes, and the ears. it is characterized by klippel-feil anomaly (in which the bones of the neck fuse together), duane syndrome (an eye movement disorder that is present from birth), and hearing loss. the cause of wildervanck syndrome is unknown. in most cases, affected individuals have no family history of the condition.
what is (are) floating-harbor syndrome ? <sep> floating-harbor syndrome is a genetic disorder that was named for the first two identified patients who were seen at boston floating hospital and harbor general hospital in california. the main characteristics of this syndrome are short stature, delayed bone growth, delay in expressive language, and distinct facial features. the exact cause of floating-harbor syndrome is not known. treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
how many people are affected by thiopurine s-methyltransferase deficiency ? <sep> studies suggest that less than 1 percent of individuals in the general population have tpmt deficiency. another 11 percent have moderately reduced levels of tpmt activity that increase their risk of hematopoietic toxicity with thiopurine drug treatment.
how many people are affected by werner syndrome ? <sep> werner syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 200,000 individuals in the united states. this syndrome occurs more often in japan, affecting 1 in 20,000 to 1 in 40,000 people.
how many people are affected by hereditary pancreatitis ? <sep> hereditary pancreatitis is thought to be a rare condition. in europe, its prevalence is estimated to be 3 to 6 per million individuals.
is fumarase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for angelman syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on neurogenetic disorders such as angelman syndrome, to develop techniques to diagnose, treat, prevent, and ultimately cure them.
what causes peters plus syndrome ? <sep> is there anything that i might have done that could have caused or prevented peters plus syndrome? no. peters plus syndrome is genetic; therefore, there is nothing you or your partner could have done to cause or to prevent the syndrome.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for kearns-sayre syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research on neuromuscular disorders such as kss. the goals of this research are to increase understanding of these disorders, and to find ways to prevent, treat, and, ultimately, cure them. the most promising approach for treatment in the future will be to alter replication or destroy abnormal mitochondria.
how many people are affected by steatocystoma multiplex ? <sep> although the prevalence of steatocystoma multiplex is unknown, it appears to be rare.
what is (are) lung cancer ? <sep> a person who has had lung cancer once is more likely to develop a second lung cancer compared to a person who has never had lung cancer. second cancers arise in a different site than the original cancer. if the original cancer returns after treatment, it is considered recurrent, not a second cancer. quitting smoking after lung cancer is diagnosed may prevent the development of a second lung cancer.
what are the symptoms of glioblastoma ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of glioblastoma? signs and symptoms of glioblastoma vary depending on the size and location of the tumor but may include: headache nausea and vomiting drowsiness changes in personality weakness on one side of the body memory loss speech difficulty changes in vision seizures
is mandibuloacral dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is alstrm syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for cant syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cant syndrome: - gene review: gene review: cant syndrome - genetic testing registry: hypertrichotic osteochondrodysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for primary lateral sclerosis ? <sep> the ninds conducts a broad range of research on neuromuscular disorders such as pls. this research is aimed at developing techniques to diagnose, treat, prevent, and ultimately cure these devastating diseases.
is bartter syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by blepharophimosis, ptosis, and epicanthus inversus syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of bpes is unknown.
what causes tylosis with esophageal cancer ? <sep> what causes tylosis with esophageal cancer? mutations in the rhbdf2 gene have been shown to cause the development of this condition.
what is the outlook for hemicrania continua ? <sep> individuals may obtain complete to near-complete relief of symptoms with proper medical attention and daily medication. some people may not be able to tolerate long-term use of indomethacin and may have to rely on less effective nsaids.
how to prevent alzheimer's disease ? <sep> a number of studies suggest that eating certain foods may help keep the brain healthyand that others can be harmful. researchers are looking at whether a healthy dietone that includes lots of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains and is low in fat and added sugarcan help prevent alzheimers. for more information about healthy eating as you age, see eating well as you get older.
how many people are affected by perrault syndrome ? <sep> perrault syndrome is a rare disorder; fewer than 100 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature. it is likely that the condition is underdiagnosed, because males without an affected sister will likely be misdiagnosed as having isolated (nonsyndromic) hearing loss rather than perrault syndrome.
what causes weill-marchesani syndrome ? <sep> what causes weill-marchesani syndrome? weill-marchesani syndrome is usually caused by mutations in the adamts10 gene. two families have been found with mutations in different genes, one with a mutation in fbn1 and one with a mutation in ltbp2.
what are the treatments for x-linked dominant scapuloperoneal myopathy ? <sep> how might scapuloperoneal myopathy be treated? there is no standard course of treatment for scapuloperoneal myopathy. some patients may benefit from physical therapy or other therapeutic exercises.
is greig cephalopolysyndactyly syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one altered or missing copy of the gli3 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits a gene mutation or chromosomal abnormality from one affected parent. other cases occur in people with no history of the condition in their family.
what are the treatments for 1q21.1 microdeletion ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 1q21.1 microdeletion: - gene review: gene review: 1q21.1 recurrent microdeletion - genetic testing registry: 1q21.1 recurrent microdeletion these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to prevent childhood nephrotic syndrome ? <sep> researchers have not found a way to prevent childhood nephrotic syndrome when the cause is idiopathic or congenital.
what are the treatments for peters plus syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of peters plus syndrome: - gene review: gene review: peters plus syndrome - genetic testing registry: peters plus syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for kbg syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of kbg syndrome: - genetic testing registry: kbg syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for triple x syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of triple x syndrome: - association for x and y chromosome variations (axys): trisomy x syndrome - genetic testing registry: trisomy x syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for foot drop ? <sep> the prognosis for foot drop depends on the cause. foot drop caused by trauma or nerve damage usually shows partial or even complete recovery. for progressive neurological disorders, foot drop will be a symptom that is likely to continue as a lifelong disability, but it will not shorten life expectancy.
what is (are) spinocerebellar ataxia 2 ? <sep> spinocerebellar ataxia 2 (sca2) is a progressive disorder that causes symptoms including uncoordinated movement (ataxia), speech and swallowing difficulties, muscle wasting, slow eye movement, and sometimes dementia. signs and symptoms usually begin in mid-adulthood but can appear any time from childhood to late-adulthood. sca2 is caused by mutations in the atxn2 gene and is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner.
what are the treatments for aicardi syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for aicardi syndrome nor is there a standard course of treatment. treatment generally involves medical management of seizures and programs to help parents and children cope with developmental delays. long-term management by a pediatric neurologist with expertise in the management of infantile spasms is recommended.
what are the treatments for retroperitoneal fibrosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of retroperitoneal fibrosis: - johns hopkins medicine these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what to do for hematuria (blood in the urine) ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing hematuria.
how many people are affected by distal hereditary motor neuropathy, type ii ? <sep> the prevalence of distal hereditary motor neuropathy, type ii is unknown. at least 25 affected families have been identified worldwide.
what causes age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> drusen alone do not usually cause vision loss. in fact, scientists are unclear about the connection between drusen and amd. they do know that an increase in the size or number of drusen raises a person's risk of developing either advanced dry amd or wet amd. these changes can cause serious vision loss.
how to diagnose glutaric acidemia type i ? <sep> is genetic testing available for glutaric acidemia type i? yes. the genetic testing registry (gtr) provides information about the labs that offer genetic testing for this condition. the intended audience for the gtr is health care providers and researchers. therefore, patients and consumers with specific questions about a genetic test should contact a health care provider or a genetics professional.
what is the outlook for asperger syndrome ? <sep> with effective treatment, children with as can learn to cope with their disabilities, but they may still find social situations and personal relationships challenging. many adults with as are able to work successfully in mainstream jobs, although they may continue to need encouragement and moral support to maintain an independent life.
how many people are affected by biotinidase deficiency ? <sep> profound or partial biotinidase deficiency occurs in approximately 1 in 60,000 newborns
how many people are affected by ghosal hematodiaphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> ghosal hematodiaphyseal dysplasia is a rare disorder; only a few cases have been reported in the medical literature. most affected individuals have been from the middle east and india.
how many people are affected by distal arthrogryposis type 1 ? <sep> distal arthrogryposis type 1 affects an estimated 1 in 10,000 people worldwide.
what is the outlook for apraxia ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with apraxia varies and depends partly on the underlying cause. some individuals improve significantly while others may show very little improvement.
how many people are affected by hereditary angioedema ? <sep> hereditary angioedema is estimated to affect 1 in 50,000 people. type i is the most common, accounting for 85 percent of cases. type ii occurs in 15 percent of cases, and type iii is very rare.
how many people are affected by mucolipidosis type iv ? <sep> mucolipidosis type iv is estimated to occur in 1 in 40,000 people. about 70 percent of affected individuals have ashkenazi jewish ancestry.
what are the treatments for viral gastroenteritis ? <sep> most cases of viral gastroenteritis resolve over time without specific treatment. antibiotics are not effective against viral infections. the primary goal of treatment is to reduce symptoms and prevent complications. over-the-counter medicines such as loperamide (imodium) and bismuth subsalicylate (pepto-bismol) can help relieve symptoms in adults. these medicines are not recommended for children.
how many people are affected by gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> the prevalence of gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia is unknown, but it is thought to be a rare disorder. a few affected individuals and families have been described in the medical literature.
what is the outlook for canavan disease ? <sep> the prognosis for canavan disease is poor. death usually occurs before age 10, although some children may survive into their teens and twenties.
is winchester syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by aspartylglucosaminuria ? <sep> aspartylglucosaminuria is estimated to affect 1 in 18,500 people in finland. this condition is less common outside of finland, but the incidence is unknown.
what are the treatments for lipoid proteinosis ? <sep> there is no cure for lp. some doctors have had success treating the skin eruptions with oral steroid drugs and oral dimethyl sulphoxide (dmso). carbon dioxide laser surgery of thickened vocal cords and eyelid bumps has proved helpful in some studies. dermabrasion may improve the appearance of the skin lesions. seizures, if present, may be treated with anticonvulsants.
what is (are) low vision ? <sep> low vision is a visual impairment, not correctable by standard glasses, contact lenses, medicine, or surgery, that interferes with a person's ability to perform everyday activities. (watch the video to learn more about low vision. to enlarge the video, click the brackets in the lower right-hand corner. to reduce the video, press the escape (esc) button on your keyboard.)
what are the treatments for walker-warburg syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of walker-warburg syndrome: - gene review: gene review: congenital muscular dystrophy overview - genetic testing registry: walker-warburg congenital muscular dystrophy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by inclusion body myopathy with early-onset paget disease and frontotemporal dementia ? <sep> although the prevalence of ibmpfd is unknown, this condition is rare. it has been identified in about 26 families.
how many people are affected by 6q24-related transient neonatal diabetes mellitus ? <sep> between 1 in 215,000 and 1 in 400,000 babies are born with diabetes mellitus. in about half of these babies, the diabetes is transient. researchers estimate that approximately 70 percent of transient diabetes in newborns is caused by 6q24-related transient neonatal diabetes mellitus.
how to diagnose adenocarcinoma of the appendix ? <sep> how might adenocarcinoma of the appendix be diagnosed? adenocarcinoma of the appendix may be identified along with acute appendicitis. mucinous adenocarcinomas may also be found incidentally as a right sided cystic mass on an imaging study.
what is the outlook for encephalitis lethargica ? <sep> the course of encephalitis lethargica varies depending upon complications or accompanying disorders.
how to diagnose freiberg's disease ? <sep> how is freiberg's disease diagnosed? a diagnosis of freiberg's disease is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. an x-ray, magnetic resonance imaging (mri), and/or bone scan can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. other testing such as laboratory studies may also be recommended to rule out other conditions that cause similar features.
how many people are affected by primary macronodular adrenal hyperplasia ? <sep> pmah is a rare disorder. it is present in less than 1 percent of cases of endogenous cushing syndrome, which describes forms of cushing syndrome caused by factors internal to the body rather than by external factors such as long-term use of certain medicines called corticosteroids. the prevalence of endogenous cushing syndrome is about 1 in 26,000 people.
how many people are affected by spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, strudwick type ? <sep> this condition is rare; only a few affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
is mevalonate kinase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes danon disease ? <sep> what causes danon disease? danon disease is caused by mutation in the lamp2 gene. lamp2 stands for lysosomal-associated membrane protein 2.
is cystic fibrosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for restless legs syndrome ? <sep> rls is generally a life-long condition for which there is no cure. symptoms may gradually worsen with age. nevertheless, current therapies can control the disorder, minimizing symptoms and increasing periods of restful sleep. in addition, some individuals have remissions, periods in which symptoms decrease or disappear for days, weeks, or months, although symptoms usually eventually reappear.
what to do for abdominal adhesions ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing abdominal adhesions. a person with a partial intestinal obstruction may relieve symptoms with a liquid or low- fiber diet, which is more easily broken down into smaller particles by the digestive system.
what are the treatments for kearns-sayre syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of kearns-sayre syndrome: - gene review: gene review: mitochondrial dna deletion syndromes - genetic testing registry: kearns sayre syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for schinzel-giedion syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of schinzel-giedion syndrome: - genetic testing registry: schinzel-giedion syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) tarsal tunnel syndrome ? <sep> tarsal tunnel syndrome is a nerve disorder that is characterized by pain in the ankle, foot, and toes. this condition is caused by compression of the posterior tibial nerve, which runs through a canal near the heel into the sole of the foot. when tissues around this nerve become inflamed, they can press on the nerve and cause the pain associated with tarsal tunnel syndrome.
how many people are affected by greenberg dysplasia ? <sep> greenberg dysplasia is a very rare condition. approximately ten cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
what is (are) abortion ? <sep> an abortion is a procedure to end a pregnancy. it uses medicine or surgery to remove the embryo or fetus and placenta from the uterus. the procedure is done by a licensed health care professional. the decision to end a pregnancy is very personal. if you are thinking of having an abortion, most healthcare providers advise counseling.
how many people are affected by bjrnstad syndrome ? <sep> bjrnstad syndrome is a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. it has been found in populations worldwide.
how to prevent prostate enlargement: benign prostatic hyperplasia ? <sep> researchers have not found a way to prevent benign prostatic hyperplasia. men with risk factors for benign prostatic hyperplasia should talk with a health care provider about any lower urinary tract symptoms and the need for regular prostate exams. men can get early treatment and minimize benign prostatic hyperplasia effects by recognizing lower urinary tract symptoms and identifying an enlarged prostate.
is cleidocranial dysplasia inherited ? <sep> how is cleidocranial dysplasia inherited? cleidocranial dysplasia is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases may result from de novo mutations (new mutations) in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what is (are) shingles ? <sep> "a burning, tingly feeling is what i noticed first," said an elderly woman describing her symptoms. "i looked in the mirror, and there was a rash on just one side of my back. then the shooting pains started. days later, i could hardly stand to have my clothes touching me. i thought maybe i had hives or poison ivy," she said, "until i went to the doctor."
what are the treatments for pachygyria ? <sep> how might pachygyria be treated? because the symptoms of the condition vary from person to person, treatment is symptomatic, and may include anti-seizure medication, such as trileptal, and special or supplemental education consisting of physical, occupational, and speech therapies.
how to diagnose naegeli syndrome ? <sep> how is naegeli syndrome diagnosed? in most cases of naegeli syndrome, a diagnosis is made based on the typical clinical features of this condition. the clinical diagnosis may be confirmed by genetic testing of the krt14 gene. genetests lists a laboratory that performs genetic testing of the krt14 gene. if you are interested in genetic testing for this condition, we recommend that you consult with a genetics professional.
how many people are affected by benign chronic pemphigus ? <sep> benign chronic pemphigus is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for neurological sequelae of lupus ? <sep> there is no cure for lupus. treatment is symptomatic. with a combination of medication, rest, exercise, proper nutrition, and stress management, most individuals with lupus can often achieve remission or reduce their symptom levels. medications used in the treatment of lupus may include aspirin and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications, antimalarials, corticosteroids, and immunosuppressive drugs.
how many people are affected by progressive osseous heteroplasia ? <sep> progressive osseous heteroplasia is a rare condition. its exact incidence is unknown.
what is (are) prostate cancer ? <sep> surgery is a common treatment for early stage prostate cancer. it is used to remove the cancer. the surgeon may remove the entire prostate -- a type of surgery called radical prostatectomy -- or, in some cases, remove only part of it. sometimes the surgeon will also remove nearby lymph nodes. side effects may include lack of sexual function (impotence), or problems holding urine (incontinence).
is psoriatic arthritis inherited ? <sep> this condition has an unknown inheritance pattern. approximately 40 percent of affected individuals have at least one close family member with psoriasis or psoriatic arthritis.
how many people are affected by rabson-mendenhall syndrome ? <sep> rabson-mendenhall syndrome is estimated to affect less than 1 per million people worldwide. several dozen cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what is the outlook for breast cancer ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options.the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the stage of the cancer (the size of the tumor and whether it is in the breast only or has spread to other parts of the body). - the type of breast cancer. - the age of the unborn baby. - whether there are signs or symptoms. - the patients general health.
how many people are affected by birt-hogg-dub syndrome ? <sep> birt-hogg-dub syndrome is rare; its exact incidence is unknown. this condition has been reported in more than 400 families.
what is (are) antecubital pterygium ? <sep> antecubital pterygium is characterized by and antecubital webbing, posterior subluxation (dislocation) of radial head, maldevelopment of radioulnar joint, and limited elbow extension with unimpeded elbow flexion. most reported cases come from the island of mauritius or nearby islands. it is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion. this condition is sometimes found as a symptom of nail-patella syndrome.
is juvenile batten disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) nutrition for advanced chronic kidney disease in adults ? <sep> the niddk nutrition for chronic kidney disease series includes three fact sheets: - nutrition for early chronic kidney disease in adults - nutrition for advanced chronic kidney disease in adults - nutrition for chronic kidney disease in children
what is (are) leukemia ? <sep> chemotherapy is a cancer treatment that uses drugs to kill cancer cells. this is the most common treatment for most types of leukemia. chemotherapy may be taken by mouth in pill form, by injection directly into a vein, or through a catheter. if leukemia cells are found in the fluid around the brain or spinal cord, the doctor may inject drugs directly into the fluid to ensure that the drugs reach the leukemia cells in the brain.
how many people are affected by zellweger spectrum disorder ? <sep> zellweger spectrum disorder is estimated to occur in 1 in 50,000 individuals.
what are the treatments for canavan disease ? <sep> canavan disease causes progressive brain atrophy. there is no cure, nor is there a standard course of treatment. treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
how many people are affected by autosomal dominant hyper-ige syndrome ? <sep> this condition is rare, affecting fewer than 1 per million people.
what causes low vision ? <sep> low vision can result from a variety of diseases, disorders, and injuries that affect the eye. many people with low vision have age-related macular degeneration, cataracts, glaucoma, or diabetic retinopathy. age-related macular degeneration accounts for almost 45 percent of all cases of low vision.
what is (are) stroke ? <sep> for more information on stroke, including research sponsored by the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke, call 1-800-352-9424 or visit the web site at www.ninds.nih.gov.
what are the treatments for thyroglossal tract cyst ? <sep> how might a thyroglossal duct cyst be treated? surgical excision is the treatment of choice for uncomplicated thyroglossal duct cysts to prevent infection of the cyst. the sistrunk procedure can be preformed to reduce the risk of recurrence. infection of the cyst prior to surgery can make the removal more difficult and increase the chance for regrowth.
what are the treatments for epidermolysis bullosa acquisita ? <sep> how might epidermolysis bullosa acquisita be treated?
how many people are affected by porphyria ? <sep> the exact rates of porphyria are unknown and vary around the world. for example, porphyria cutanea tarda is most common in the united states, and variegate porphyria is most common in south america.1
what are the treatments for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma: - cancer.net: head and neck cancer: treatment options - national cancer institute: head and neck cancers these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by beta-ketothiolase deficiency ? <sep> beta-ketothiolase deficiency appears to be very rare. it is estimated to affect fewer than 1 in 1 million newborns.
how many people are affected by polycystic kidney disease ? <sep> polycystic kidney disease is a fairly common genetic disorder. it affects about 500,000 people in the united states. the autosomal dominant form of the disease is much more common than the autosomal recessive form. autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease affects 1 in 500 to 1,000 people, while the autosomal recessive type occurs in an estimated 1 in 20,000 to 40,000 people.
how to diagnose parasites - trichuriasis (also known as whipworm infection) ? <sep> the standard method for diagnosing the presence of whipworm is by microscopically identifying whipworm eggs in a stool sample. because eggs may be difficult to find in light infections, a concentration procedure is recommended.
how many people are affected by slc4a1-associated distal renal tubular acidosis ? <sep> the prevalence of slc4a1-associated distal renal tubular acidosis is unknown. the condition is most common in southeast asia, especially thailand.
how many people are affected by xeroderma pigmentosum ? <sep> xeroderma pigmentosum is a rare disorder; it is estimated to affect about 1 in 1 million people in the united states and europe. the condition is more common in japan, north africa, and the middle east.
what causes juvenile amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ? <sep> what causes juvenile amyotrophic lateral sclerosis? juvenile amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als) is often genetic and may be caused by mutations in the als2 or setx genes. in some cases the underlying gene abnormality cannot be determined. juvenile als may be inherited in an autosomal dominant (as in als type 4) or autosomal recessive (as in als type 2) fashion.
how many people are affected by combined malonic and methylmalonic aciduria ? <sep> cmamma appears to be a rare disease. approximately a dozen cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
is optic atrophy type 1 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the symptoms of bell's palsy ? <sep> what are the symptoms of bell's palsy?
how many people are affected by mucopolysaccharidosis type vii ? <sep> the exact incidence of mps vii is unknown, although it is estimated to occur in 1 in 250,000 newborns. it is one of the rarest types of mucopolysaccharidosis.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for psoriasis ? <sep> scientists who are working to better understand and treat psoriasis are making headway in several different areas, including the role of t cells, new treatments, psoriasis genes, psoriasis-related conditions, and stress-reduction treatment.
what is (are) indigestion ? <sep> indigestion, also known as dyspepsia, is a term used to describe one or more symptoms including a feeling of fullness during a meal, uncomfortable fullness after a meal, and burning or pain in the upper abdomen. indigestion is common in adults and can occur once in a while or as often as every day.
how many people are affected by glycogen storage disease type vii ? <sep> gsdvii is thought to be a rare condition; more than 100 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
what is the outlook for spasticity ? <sep> the prognosis for those with spasticity depends on the severity of the spasticity and the associated disorder(s).
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for landau-kleffner syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports broad and varied programs of research on epilepsy and developmental disorders. this research is aimed at discovering new ways to prevent, diagnose, and treat epilepsy and developmental disorders and, ultimately, to find cures for them.
what are the symptoms of proctitis ? <sep> tenesmusan uncomfortable and frequent urge to have a bowel movementis one of the most common symptoms of proctitis. other symptoms may include - bloody bowel movements - rectal bleeding - a feeling of rectal fullness - anal or rectal pain - crampy abdominal pain - rectal discharge of mucus or pus - diarrhea or frequent passage of loose or liquid stools
what is (are) essential pentosuria ? <sep> essential pentosuria is a condition characterized by high levels of a sugar called l-xylulose in urine. the condition is so named because l-xylulose is a type of sugar called a pentose. despite the excess sugar, affected individuals have no associated health problems.
what are the treatments for cherubism ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cherubism: - gene review: gene review: cherubism - genetic testing registry: fibrous dysplasia of jaw these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by wagr syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of wagr syndrome ranges from 1 in 500,000 to one million individuals. it is estimated that one-third of people with aniridia actually have wagr syndrome. approximately 7 in 1,000 cases of wilms tumor can be attributed to wagr syndrome.
how many people are affected by stormorken syndrome ? <sep> stormorken syndrome is a rare disorder. approximately a dozen cases have been reported in the medical literature.
is hereditary diffuse gastric cancer inherited ? <sep> hdgc is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered cdh1 gene in each cell is sufficient to increase the risk of developing cancer. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
is farber lipogranulomatosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for coffin lowry syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on genetic disorders, such as coffin-lowry syndrome, in an effort to find ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure these disorders.
what are the treatments for breast cancer ? <sep> even if the surgeon removes all of the cancer that can be seen at the time of surgery, a woman may still receive follow-up treatment. this may include radiation therapy, chemotherapy, or hormone therapy to try to kill any cancer cells that may be left. treatment that a patient receives after surgery to increase the chances of a cure is called adjuvant therapy.
is short qt syndrome inherited ? <sep> short qt syndrome appears to have an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. some affected individuals have a family history of short qt syndrome or related heart problems and sudden cardiac death. other cases of short qt syndrome are classified as sporadic and occur in people with no apparent family history of related heart problems.
is neutral lipid storage disease with myopathy inherited ? <sep> how is neutral lipid storage disease with myopathy inherited? this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by histiocytosis-lymphadenopathy plus syndrome ? <sep> histiocytosis-lymphadenopathy plus syndrome is a rare disorder, affecting approximately 100 individuals worldwide.
how many people are affected by autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of charlevoix-saguenay ? <sep> the incidence of arsacs in the charlevoix-saguenay region of quebec is estimated to be 1 in 1,500 to 2,000 individuals. outside of quebec, arsacs is rare, but the incidence is unknown.
is factor v deficiency inherited ? <sep> factor v deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the f5 gene in each cell have mutations. individuals with a mutation in a single copy of the f5 gene have a reduced amount of coagulation factor v in their blood and can have mild bleeding problems, although most have no related health effects.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for leigh's disease ? <sep> the ninds supports and encourages a broad range of basic and clinical research on neurogenetic disorders such as leigh's disease. the goal of this research is to understand what causes these disorders and then to apply these findings to new ways to diagnose, treat, and prevent them.
what is (are) waterhousefriderichsen syndrome ? <sep> waterhousefriderichsen syndrome is adrenal gland failure due to bleeding into the adrenal gland. it is usually caused by severe meningococcal infection or other severe, bacterial infection. symptoms include acute adrenal gland insufficiency, and profound shock. most patients with this condition are children, although adults may rarely be affected. it is deadly if not treated immediately.
what is the outlook for metachromatic leukodystrophy ? <sep> the prognosis for mld is poor. most children within the infantile form die by age 5. symptoms of the juvenile form progress with death occurring 10 to 20 years following onset. those persons affected by the adult form typically die withing 6 to 14 years following onset of symptoms.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for multiple system atrophy ? <sep> the ninds supports research about msa through grants to major medical institutions across the country. researchers hope to learn why alpha-synuclein buildup occurs in msa and parkinsons disease, and how to prevent it. drugs that reduce the abnormal alpha-synuclein buildup may be promising treatments for msa
what is (are) leukemia ? <sep> radiation therapy is a cancer treatment that uses high-energy x-rays to destroy cancer cells. some patients receive radiation treatment that is directed at the whole body.
how to prevent parasites - paragonimiasis (also known as paragonimus infection) ? <sep> never eat raw freshwater crabs or crayfish. cook crabs and crayfish for to at least 145f (~63c). travelers should be advised to avoid traditional meals containing undercooked freshwater crustaceans. more on: fight bac: safe food handling
what are the symptoms of urachal cyst ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of a urachal cyst? in most cases, urachal cysts are not associated with any signs or symptoms unless there are complications such as infection. possible symptoms vary, but may include: lower abdominal pain fever abdominal lump or mass pain with urination urinary tract infection hematuria
how many people are affected by fukuyama congenital muscular dystrophy ? <sep> fukuyama congenital muscular dystrophy is seen almost exclusively in japan, where it is the second most common form of childhood muscular dystrophy (after duchenne muscular dystrophy). fukuyama congenital muscular dystrophy has an estimated incidence of 2 to 4 per 100,000 japanese infants.
how many people are affected by cytochrome c oxidase deficiency ? <sep> in eastern europe, cytochrome c oxidase deficiency is estimated to occur in 1 in 35,000 individuals. the prevalence of this condition outside this region is unknown.
what are the treatments for gm2-gangliosidosis, ab variant ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of gm2-gangliosidosis, ab variant: - genetic testing registry: tay-sachs disease, variant ab these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy ? <sep> the prevalence of this condition is unknown.
how many people are affected by colorectal cancer ? <sep> colorectal cancer accounts for almost ten percent of all cancer deaths in the united states. the risk of developing colorectal cancer rises after age 50. it is common in both men and women.
is rothmund-thomson syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by krabbe disease ? <sep> in the united states, krabbe disease affects about 1 in 100,000 individuals. a higher incidence (6 cases per 1,000 people) has been reported in a few isolated communities in israel.
what are the treatments for chops syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of chops syndrome: - genetic testing registry: chops syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: congenital heart defect -- corrective surgery these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of charlevoix-saguenay inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by progressive supranuclear palsy ? <sep> the exact prevalence of progressive supranuclear palsy is unknown. it may affect about 6 in 100,000 people worldwide.
is malignant migrating partial seizures of infancy inherited ? <sep> mmpsi is not inherited from a parent and does not run in families. this condition is caused by a new mutation that occurs very early in embryonic development (called a de novo mutation).
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance that your liver makes. it is also found in some foods that come from animals.
how many people are affected by facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy ? <sep> facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy has an estimated prevalence of 1 in 20,000 people. about 95 percent of all cases are fshd1; the remaining 5 percent are fshd2.
how to diagnose multiple familial trichoepithelioma ? <sep> how is multiple familial trichoepithelioma diagnosed? diagnosis of multiple familial trichoepithelioma is made based upon the clinical symptoms in the patient, the patients family history, and the appearance of the trichoepithelioma cells under a microscope (histology). multiple familial trichoepithelioma must be distinguished from basal cell carcinoma (cancerous tumor) and other rare genetic syndromes such as cowden syndrome.
is wolff-parkinson-white syndrome inherited ? <sep> is wolff-parkinson-white syndrome inherited?
what is (are) mineral and bone disorder in chronic kidney disease ? <sep> chronic kidney disease is kidney damage that occurs slowly over many years, often due to diabetes or high blood pressure. once damaged, the kidneys cant filter blood as they should. this damage can cause wastes to build up in the body and other problems that can harm a persons health, including mineral and bone disorder.
how many people are affected by alport syndrome ? <sep> alport syndrome occurs in approximately 1 in 50,000 newborns.
is kniest dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what is the outlook for infantile refsum disease ? <sep> ird is a fatal disease, but some children will survive into their teens and twenties, and possibly even beyond.
what are the treatments for prescription and illicit drug abuse ? <sep> recovering from addiction is hard. even with treatment, many people return to substance abuse, sometimes months or years after having stopped drug use. this is commonly referred to as relapse. as with most chronic diseases, relapse in addiction is not unusual, and signals a need to restart, adjust, or modify the treatment.
is ophthalmo-acromelic syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) lentigo maligna melanoma ? <sep> lentigo maligna melanoma (lmm) is a type of skin cancer that usually develops in older, fair-skinned adults. the average age of diagnosis is 65. lmm is thought to be caused by a history of sun exposure to the affected area. treatment includes surgery to remove as much of the lmm as possible.
is mucolipidosis iii alpha/beta inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) parasites - african trypanosomiasis (also known as sleeping sickness) ? <sep> frequently asked queestions (faqs)
how many people are affected by baller-gerold syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of baller-gerold syndrome is unknown, but this rare condition probably affects fewer than 1 per million people. fewer than 40 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what is the outlook for primary myelofibrosis ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options for primary myelofibrosis. prognosis (chance of recovery) depends on the following: - the age of the patient. - the number of abnormal red blood cells and white blood cells. - the number of blasts in the blood. - whether there are certain changes in the chromosomes. - whether the patient has signs such as fever, night sweats, or weight loss.
what are the treatments for prothrombin deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of prothrombin deficiency: - genetic testing registry: prothrombin deficiency, congenital - medlineplus encyclopedia: factor ii deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by lynch syndrome ? <sep> in the united states, about 140,000 new cases of colorectal cancer are diagnosed each year. approximately 3 to 5 percent of these cancers are caused by lynch syndrome.
how to prevent hearing loss ? <sep> washing your hands frequently can help prevent upper respiratory infections, which can lead to an ear infection called otitis media. the ear infection otitis media can be a cause of long-term hearing loss. also, ask your doctor about a yearly flu shot to help prevent flu-related ear infections. if you still get an ear infection, see a doctor immediately before it becomes more serious.
how many people are affected by marfan syndrome ? <sep> the incidence of marfan syndrome is approximately 1 in 5,000 worldwide.
what are the symptoms of heart attack ? <sep> no. most heart attack patients do not have all of the symptoms. the important thing to remember is that if you have any of the symptoms and they grow more intense, and last more than 5 minutes, you should call 9-1-1 immediately.
how many people are affected by moebius syndrome ? <sep> the exact incidence of moebius syndrome is unknown. researchers estimate that the condition affects 1 in 50,000 to 1 in 500,000 newborns.
is uromodulin-associated kidney disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by chops syndrome ? <sep> chops syndrome is a rare disorder whose prevalence is unknown. only a few affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
what are the symptoms of megalocytic interstitial nephritis ? <sep> what are the symptoms of interstitial nephritis? symptoms of interstitial nephritis may include blood in the urine, fever, increased or decreased urine output, mental status changes (drowsiness, confusion, coma), nausea, vomiting, rash, swelling of the body, and weight gain (from retaining fluid).
how many people are affected by wolff-parkinson-white syndrome ? <sep> wolff-parkinson-white syndrome affects 1 to 3 in 1,000 people worldwide. only a small fraction of these cases appear to run in families. wolff-parkinson-white syndrome is a common cause of an arrhythmia known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia. wolff-parkinson-white syndrome is the most frequent cause of this abnormal heart rhythm in the chinese population, where it is responsible for more than 70 percent of cases.
is epidermal nevus inherited ? <sep> this condition is generally not inherited but arises from mutations in the body's cells that occur after conception. this alteration is called a somatic mutation. occasionally, the somatic mutation occurs in a person's reproductive cells (sperm or eggs) and is passed to the next generation. an inherited fgfr3 gene mutation is found in every cell in the body, which results in skeletal abnormalities rather than epidermal nevus.
what are the treatments for diastrophic dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of diastrophic dysplasia: - gene review: gene review: diastrophic dysplasia - genetic testing registry: diastrophic dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by north american indian childhood cirrhosis ? <sep> north american indian childhood cirrhosis has been found only in children of ojibway-cree descent in the abitibi region of northwestern quebec, canada. at least 30 affected individuals from this population have been reported.
how many people are affected by spondyloperipheral dysplasia ? <sep> this condition is rare; only a few affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
what is the outlook for bell's palsy ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with bell's palsy is generally very good. the extent of nerve damage determines the extent of recovery. with or without treatment, most individuals begin to get better within 2 weeks after the initial onset of symptoms and recover some or all facial function within 3 to 6 months.
what is the outlook for dyssynergia cerebellaris myoclonica ? <sep> the progression of the disorder is usually 10 years or longer.
what is (are) char syndrome ? <sep> char syndrome is a condition that affects the development of the face, heart, and limbs. it is characterized by a combination of three major features: a distinctive facial appearance, a heart defect called patent ductus arteriosus, and hand abnormalities. char syndrome is caused by mutations in the tfap2b gene and is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion.
what causes froelich syndrome ? <sep> what causes froelich syndrome? froehlich syndrome is usually caused by lesions in the hypothalamic gland or pituitary gland. the lesions may be caused by a tumor (e.g., craniopharyngioma), swelling from an infection (e.g., tuberculosis), encephalitis, or other brain injuries.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for multi-infarct dementia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) conducts research related to mid in its laboratories at the national institutes of health (nih), and also supports additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure the vascular dementias, such as mid.
how many people are affected by larsen syndrome ? <sep> larsen syndrome occurs in approximately 1 in 100,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by mitochondrial neurogastrointestinal encephalopathy disease ? <sep> the prevalence of mngie disease is unknown. about 70 people with this disorder have been reported.
is hypochondrogenesis inherited ? <sep> hypochondrogenesis is considered an autosomal dominant disorder because one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the condition. it is caused by new mutations in the col2a1 gene and occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family. this condition is not passed on to the next generation because affected individuals do not live long enough to have children.
who is at risk for childhood craniopharyngioma? ? <sep> there are no known risk factors for childhood craniopharyngioma. craniopharyngiomas are rare in children younger than 2 years of age and are most often diagnosed in children aged 5 to 14 years. it is not known what causes these tumors.
what causes ollier disease ? <sep> what causes ollier disease? the exact cause of ollier disease is not known. it is usually a sporadic, non-familial disorder, however, in some cases, it may be inherited as an autosomal dominant genetic trait.
what causes microscopic polyangiitis ? <sep> what causes microscopic polyangiitis (mpa)? the cause of mpa is unknown. it is not contagious, does not usually run in families, and is not a form of cancer. the immune system is thought to play a critical role in the development of mpa. it is thought that the immune system becomes overactive and causes blood vessel and tissue inflammation, which leads to organ damage. it is not known what causes the immune system to become overactive.
how many people are affected by cranioectodermal dysplasia ? <sep> cranioectodermal dysplasia is a rare condition with an unknown prevalence. approximately 40 cases of this condition have been described in the medical literature.
what is the outlook for septo-optic dysplasia ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with sod varies according to the presence and severity of symptoms.
how many people are affected by dopamine beta-hydroxylase deficiency ? <sep> dopamine -hydroxylase deficiency is a very rare disorder. fewer than 20 affected individuals, all of western european descent, have been described in the scientific literature.
what is (are) tylosis with esophageal cancer ? <sep> tylosis with esophageal cancer (toc) is an inherited condition characterized by palmoplantar keratoderma and esophageal cancer. the palmoplantar keratoderma usually begins around age 10, and esophageal cancer may form after age 20. this condition is caused by a mutation in the rhbdf2 gene and is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern.
what are the treatments for chronic pain ? <sep> medications, acupuncture, local electrical stimulation, and brain stimulation, as well as surgery, are some treatments for chronic pain. some physicians use placebos, which in some cases has resulted in a lessening or elimination of pain. psychotherapy, relaxation and medication therapies, biofeedback, and behavior modification may also be employed to treat chronic pain.
what are the symptoms of mollaret meningitis ? <sep> what are the symptoms of mollaret meningitis? the symptoms of mollaret meningitis are the same as those found in other types of meningitis. in mollaret meningitis, however, the symptoms are recurring and are often accompanied by long-term irregularity of the nervous system. common symptoms of meningitis may include: high fever severe headache nausea vomiting stiff neck photophobia (sensitivity to light) altered mental state
is isovaleric acidemia inherited ? <sep> how is isovaleric acidemia inherited? isovaleric acidemia is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) jervell and lange-nielsen syndrome ? <sep> jervell and lange-nielsen syndrome is a condition that causes profound hearing loss from birth and a disruption of the heart's normal rhythm (arrhythmia). this disorder is a form of long qt syndrome, which is a heart condition that causes the heart (cardiac) muscle to take longer than usual to recharge between beats. beginning in early childhood, the irregular heartbeats increase the risk of fainting (syncope) and sudden death.
is gracile syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
who is at risk for lung cancer? ? <sep> another substance that can contribute to lung cancer is asbestos. asbestos is used in shipbuilding, asbestos mining and manufacturing, insulation work, and brake repair, but many products that contain asbestos have been phased out over the past several decades. if inhaled, asbestos particles can lodge in the lungs, damaging cells and increasing the risk for lung cancer.
is cartilage-hair hypoplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the symptoms of sclerosing mesenteritis ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of sclerosing mesenteritis? common symptoms of sclerosing mesenteritis include abdominal pain or a palpable abdominal mass, weight loss, abdominal distention, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, and fever of unknown cause.
what is the outlook for primary lateral sclerosis ? <sep> pls is not fatal. there is no cure and the progression of symptoms varies. some people may retain the ability to walk without assistance, but others eventually require wheelchairs, canes, or other assistive devices.
is dopamine transporter deficiency syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for nail-patella syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of nail-patella syndrome: - gene review: gene review: nail-patella syndrome - genetic testing registry: nail-patella syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to diagnose psoriasis ? <sep> in most cases, your primary care doctor can diagnose psoriasis simply by examining your skin. if your doctor isn't sure if you have psoriasis, he or she may order a biopsy. this involves removing a small sample of skin and looking at it under a microscope.
how many people are affected by congenital mirror movement disorder ? <sep> congenital mirror movement disorder is a very rare disorder. its prevalence is thought to be less than 1 in 1 million. researchers suggest that some mildly affected individuals may never be diagnosed.
what is the outlook for pseudotumor cerebri ? <sep> the disorder may cause progressive, permanent visual loss in some patients. in some cases, pseudotumor cerebri recurs.
what is the outlook for atypical chronic myelogenous leukemia ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery). the prognosis (chance of recovery) for atypical cml depends on the number of red blood cells and platelets in the blood.
how many people are affected by retinoblastoma ? <sep> retinoblastoma is diagnosed in 250 to 350 children per year in the united states. it accounts for about 4 percent of all cancers in children younger than 15 years.
how many people are affected by noonan syndrome ? <sep> noonan syndrome occurs in approximately 1 in 1,000 to 2,500 people.
what are the treatments for 15q13.3 microdeletion ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 15q13.3 microdeletion: - gene review: gene review: 15q13.3 microdeletion - genetic testing registry: 15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is metachromatic leukodystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is congenital afibrinogenemia inherited ? <sep> congenital afibrinogenemia is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene. the parents have about half the normal level of fibrinogen in their blood but typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for acid lipase disease ? <sep> enzyme replacement therapy for both wolman's and cholesteryl ester storage disease is currently under investigation. certain drugs may be given to help with adrenal gland production, and children may need to be fed intravenously. individuals with cesd may benefit from a low cholesterol diet.
what are the treatments for pigmented villonodular synovitis ? <sep> how might pigmented villonodular synovitis be treated? pigmented villonodular synovitis is first treated with surgery to remove as much of the abnormal tissue growth as possible. the type of surgery depends on the location and extent of the disease within the joint. radiation therapy is sometimes used to treat this condition if surgery is not an option, or if the condition returns (recurs) after an initial surgery.
what is the outlook for syncope ? <sep> syncope is a dramatic event and can be life-threatening if not treated properly. generally, however, people recover completely within minutes to hours. if syncope is symptomatic of an underlying condition, then the prognosis will reflect the course of the disorder.
how many people are affected by nail-patella syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of nail-patella syndrome is estimated to be 1 in 50,000 individuals.
what are the symptoms of anal cancer ? <sep> signs of anal cancer include bleeding from the anus or rectum or a lump near the anus. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by anal cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - bleeding from the anus or rectum. - pain or pressure in the area around the anus. - itching or discharge from the anus. - a lump near the anus. - a change in bowel habits.
what is the outlook for hydranencephaly ? <sep> the outlook for children with hydranencephaly is generally poor, and many children with this disorder die before age 1. however, in rare cases, children with hydranencephaly may survive for several years or more.
what causes wildervanck syndrome ? <sep> what causes wildervanck syndrome? the exact cause of wildervanck syndrome is not known. it is suspected to be a polygenic condition, meaning that many genetic factors may be involved.
is glycogen storage disease type iv inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is alg12-congenital disorder of glycosylation inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by geleophysic dysplasia ? <sep> geleophysic dysplasia is a rare disorder whose prevalence is unknown. more than 30 affected individuals have been reported.
is distal hereditary motor neuropathy, type ii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is syngap1-related intellectual disability inherited ? <sep> syngap1-related intellectual disability is classified as an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. almost all cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. in at least one case, an affected person inherited the mutation from one affected parent.
what is the outlook for progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ? <sep> in general, pml has a mortality rate of 30-50 percent in the first few months following diagnosis but depends on the severity of the underlying disease and treatment received. those who survive pml can be left with severe neurological disabilities.
what are the symptoms of cat scratch disease ? <sep> what are the symptoms of cat scratch disease? most people with cat scratch disease have been bitten or scratched by a cat and developed a mild infection at the point of injury. lymph nodes, especially those around the head, neck, and upper limbs, become swollen. additionally, a person with cat scratch disease may experience fever, headache, fatigue, achiness and discomfort (malaise), sore throat, enlarged spleen, and/or loss of appetite.
how many people are affected by factor xiii deficiency ? <sep> inherited factor xiii deficiency affects 1 to 3 per million people worldwide. researchers suspect that mild factor xiii deficiency, including the acquired form of the disorder, is underdiagnosed because many affected people never have a major episode of abnormal bleeding that would lead to a diagnosis.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for cushing's syndrome ? <sep> ninds supports research on cushing's syndrome aimed at finding new ways to diagnose, treat, and cure the disorder.
what is (are) stroke ? <sep> brain plasticity is the brain's ability to learn and change, allowing it to adapt to deficits and injury and to take over the functions of damaged cells. when cells in an area of the brain responsible for a particular function die after a stroke, the patient becomes unable to perform that function. however, the brain's ability torewire the connections between its nerve cells allows it to compensate for lost functions.
is congenital deafness with labyrinthine aplasia, microtia, and microdontia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for prostate cancer ? <sep> hormonal therapy deprives cancer cells of the male hormones they need to grow and survive. this treatment is often used for prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body. sometimes doctors use hormonal therapy to try to keep the cancer from coming back after surgery or radiation treatment. side effects can include impotence, hot flashes, loss of sexual desire, and thinning of bones.
what is the outlook for cephalic disorders ? <sep> the degree to which damage to the developing nervous system harms the mind and body varies enormously. many disabilities are mild enough to allow those afflicted to eventually function independently in society. others are not. some infants, children, and adults die; others remain totally disabled; and an even larger population is partially disabled, functioning well below normal capacity.
how many people are affected by juvenile primary osteoporosis ? <sep> the prevalence of juvenile primary osteoporosis is unknown. nearly 1 in 10 adults over age 50 have osteoporosis, but the condition is uncommon in children. osteoporosis can occur at a young age as a feature of other conditions but rarely occurs without other signs and symptoms (primary osteoporosis).
how many people are affected by koolen-de vries syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of koolen-de vries syndrome is estimated to be 1 in 16,000. however, the underlying genetic cause is often not identified in people with intellectual disability, so this condition is likely underdiagnosed.
what is (are) alcohol use and older adults ? <sep> alcohol, also known as ethanol, is a chemical found in beverages like beer, wine, and distilled spirits such as whiskey, vodka, and rum. through a process called fermentation, yeast converts the sugars naturally found in grains and grapes into the alcohol that is in beer and wine. another process, called distillation, concentrates alcohol in the drink making it stronger, producing what are known as distilled spirits.
what are the treatments for x-linked lissencephaly with abnormal genitalia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of x-linked lissencephaly with abnormal genitalia: - genetic testing registry: lissencephaly 2, x-linked these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is malonyl-coa decarboxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for aspartylglucosaminuria ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aspartylglucosaminuria: - genetic testing registry: aspartylglycosaminuria these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by mucolipidosis ii alpha/beta ? <sep> mucolipidosis ii alpha/beta is a rare disorder, although its exact prevalence is unknown. it is estimated to occur in about 1 in 100,000 to 400,000 individuals worldwide.
how many people are affected by simpson-golabi-behmel syndrome ? <sep> the incidence of simpson-golabi-behmel syndrome is unknown. at least 130 people worldwide have been diagnosed with this disorder.
how many people are affected by mcleod neuroacanthocytosis syndrome ? <sep> mcleod neuroacanthocytosis syndrome is rare; approximately 150 cases have been reported worldwide.
how to prevent peyronie's disease ? <sep> researchers do not know how to prevent peyronies disease.
is hystrix-like ichthyosis with deafness inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is 3-methylcrotonyl-coa carboxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is mucolipidosis type iv inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is erythromelalgia inherited ? <sep> some cases of erythromelalgia occur in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some of these instances, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for mal de meleda ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mal de meleda: - foundation for ichthyosis and related skin types: palmoplantar keratodermas - genetic testing registry: acroerythrokeratoderma these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is vitamin d-dependent rickets inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is pitt-hopkins syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for gyrate atrophy of the choroid and retina ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of gyrate atrophy: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: ornithine aminotransferase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) stroke ? <sep> atherosclerosis, also known as hardening of the arteries, is the most common blood vessel disease. it is caused by the buildup of fatty deposits in the arteries, and is a risk factor for stroke.
how many people are affected by glycine encephalopathy ? <sep> the worldwide incidence of glycine encephalopathy is unknown. its frequency has been studied in only a few regions: this condition affects about 1 in 55,000 newborns in finland and about 1 in 63,000 newborns in british columbia, canada.
what is the outlook for vulvar cancer ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the stage of the cancer. - the patient's age and general health. - whether the cancer has just been diagnosed or has recurred (come back).
how many people are affected by ataxia with oculomotor apraxia ? <sep> ataxia with oculomotor apraxia is a rare condition. type 1 is a common form of ataxia in portugal and japan. type 2 is estimated to occur in 1 in 900,000 individuals worldwide.
is langerhans cell histiocytosis inherited ? <sep> langerhans cell histiocytosis is usually not inherited and typically occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family. a few families with multiple cases of langerhans cell histiocytosis have been identified, but the inheritance pattern is unknown.
is mal de meleda inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for steatocystoma multiplex ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of steatocystoma multiplex: - genetic testing registry: steatocystoma multiplex these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is crouzon syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by leukoencephalopathy with brainstem and spinal cord involvement and lactate elevation ? <sep> lbsl is a rare condition. its exact prevalence is not known.
how many people are affected by gray platelet syndrome ? <sep> gray platelet syndrome appears to be a rare disorder. about 60 cases have been reported worldwide.
is familial acute myeloid leukemia with mutated cebpa inherited ? <sep> familial acute myeloid leukemia with mutated cebpa is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern. autosomal dominant inheritance means that one copy of the altered cebpa gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most affected individuals also acquire a second, somatic cebpa gene mutation in their leukemia cells.
what is the outlook for erb-duchenne and dejerine-klumpke palsies ? <sep> the site and type of brachial plexus injury determines the prognosis. for avulsion and rupture injuries, there is no potential for recovery unless surgical reconnection is made in a timely manner. the potential for recovery varies for neuroma and neuropraxia injuries. most individuals with neuropraxia injuries recover spontaneously with a 90-100 percent return of function.
how many people are affected by crouzonodermoskeletal syndrome ? <sep> crouzonodermoskeletal syndrome is rare; this condition is seen in about 1 person per million.
what are the treatments for costello syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of costello syndrome: - gene review: gene review: costello syndrome - genetic testing registry: costello syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome ? <sep> thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome has been reported in approximately 30 families worldwide. its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for adenosine monophosphate deaminase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of adenosine monophosphate deaminase deficiency: - medlineplus encyclopedia: muscle aches - medlineplus encyclopedia: weakness these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for alkaptonuria ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of alkaptonuria: - gene review: gene review: alkaptonuria - genetic testing registry: alkaptonuria - medlineplus encyclopedia: alkaptonuria these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is holocarboxylase synthetase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to diagnose jejunal atresia ? <sep> how is jejunal atresia diagnosed? in some cases, jejunal atresia may be diagnosed before birth on a prenatal ultrasound. after birth, a diagnosis is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. additional testing such as x-rays with or without contrast can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis.
what are the treatments for adenoameloblastoma ? <sep> how might adenoameloblastoma be treated? treatment may require the removal of the legion as well as the surrounding tissues. once the treatment is complete, recurrence of the legion is very rare.
is inclusion body myopathy 2 inherited ? <sep> how is inclusion body myopathy 2 inherited? inclusion body myopathy 2 is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is blepharophimosis, ptosis, and epicanthus inversus syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is typically inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia ? <sep> hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia is the most common form of ectodermal dysplasia in humans. it is estimated to affect at least 1 in 17,000 people worldwide.
is infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by recombinant 8 syndrome ? <sep> recombinant 8 syndrome is a rare condition; its exact incidence is unknown. most people with this condition are descended from a hispanic population originating in the san luis valley area of southern colorado and northern new mexico. recombinant 8 syndrome is also called san luis valley syndrome. only a few cases outside this population have been found.
what causes childhood brain and spinal cord tumors ? <sep> the cause of most childhood brain and spinal cord tumors is unknown.
is mucopolysaccharidosis type vii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by czech dysplasia ? <sep> the prevalence of czech dysplasia is unknown; at least 11 families have been affected. most of these families reside in the czech republic.
how many people are affected by mowat-wilson syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of mowat-wilson syndrome is unknown. more than 200 people with this condition have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by axenfeld-rieger syndrome ? <sep> axenfeld-rieger syndrome has an estimated prevalence of 1 in 200,000 people.
is spinal muscular atrophy with progressive myoclonic epilepsy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for transient ischemic attack ? <sep> ninds is the leading supporter of research on stroke and tia in the u.s. and sponsors studies ranging from clinical trials to investigations of basic biological mechanisms as well as studies with animals.
how many people are affected by maple syrup urine disease ? <sep> maple syrup urine disease affects an estimated 1 in 185,000 infants worldwide. the disorder occurs much more frequently in the old order mennonite population, with an estimated incidence of about 1 in 380 newborns.
is pmm2-congenital disorder of glycosylation inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is transthyretin amyloidosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. rarely, cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. not all people who have a ttr gene mutation will develop transthyretin amyloidosis.
what is (are) glaucoma ? <sep> national eye institute national institutes of health 2020 vision place bethesda, md 20892-3655 301-496-5248 e-mail: 2020@nei.nih.gov www.nei.nih.gov the glaucoma foundation 80 maiden lane, suite 700 new york, ny 10038 212-285-0080 glaucoma research foundation 251 post street, suite 600 san francisco, ca 94108 1-800-826-6693
how many people are affected by chronic atrial and intestinal dysrhythmia ? <sep> the prevalence of caid is unknown. at least 17 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
is aminoacylase 1 deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
who is at risk for respiratory failure? ? <sep> people who have diseases or conditions that affect the muscles, nerves, bones, or tissues that support breathing are at risk for respiratory failure. people who have lung diseases or conditions also are at risk for respiratory failure. for more information, go to "what causes respiratory failure?"
what causes amniotic band syndrome ? <sep> what causes amniotic bands? amniotic bands are caused by damage to a part of the placenta called the amnion. damage to the amnion may produce fiber-like bands that can trap parts of the developing baby.
how many people are affected by hereditary antithrombin deficiency ? <sep> hereditary antithrombin deficiency is estimated to occur in about 1 in 2,000 to 3,000 individuals. of people who have experienced an abnormal blood clot, about 1 in 20 to 200 have hereditary antithrombin deficiency.
what is the outlook for testicular cancer ? <sep> testicular cancer can usually be cured. although the number of new cases of testicular cancer has doubled in the last 40 years, the number of deaths caused by testicular cancer has decreased greatly because of better treatments. testicular cancer can usually be cured, even in late stages of the disease. (see the pdq summary on testicular cancer treatment for more information.)
how to diagnose platelet storage pool deficiency ? <sep> how is platelet storage pool deficiency diagnosed? a diagnosis of platelet storage pool deficiency is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. specialized laboratory tests can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. this testing may include: bleeding time studies platelet aggregation studies peripheral blood smear flow cytometry (detects a reduction in certain types of granules in affected platelets)
how many people are affected by peroxisomal acyl-coa oxidase deficiency ? <sep> peroxisomal acyl-coa oxidase deficiency is a rare disorder. its prevalence is unknown. only a few dozen cases have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by fragile x-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome ? <sep> studies show that approximately 1 in 450 males has the genetic change that leads to fxtas, although the condition occurs in only about 40 percent of them. it is estimated that 1 in 3,000 men over age 50 is affected. similarly, 1 in 200 females has the genetic change, but only an estimated 16 percent of them develop signs and symptoms of fxtas.
how many people are affected by pendred syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of pendred syndrome is unknown. however, researchers estimate that it accounts for 7 to 8 percent of all hearing loss that is present from birth (congenital hearing loss).
what is (are) sapho syndrome ? <sep> sapho syndrome involves any combination of: synovitis (inflammation of the joints), acne, pustulosis (thick yellow blisters containing pus) often on the palms and soles, hyperostosis (increase in bone substance) and osteitis (inflammation of the bones). the cause of sapho syndrome is unknown and treatment is focused on managing symptoms.
is rabson-mendenhall syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for pudendal neuralgia ? <sep> what treatments are available for pudendal neuralgia? there are no established guidelines for the treatment of pudendal neuralgia. treatment may include medications, the use of a specialized cushion while sitting, nerve block, surgery to remove nearby tissues that may be pressing on the pudendal nerve, or nerve stimulation.
what are the treatments for spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 1 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of smard1: - genetic testing registry: spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress 1 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by hutchinson-gilford progeria syndrome ? <sep> this condition is very rare; it is reported to occur in 1 in 4 million newborns worldwide. more than 130 cases have been reported in the scientific literature since the condition was first described in 1886.
how many people are affected by familial paroxysmal kinesigenic dyskinesia ? <sep> familial paroxysmal kinesigenic dyskinesia is estimated to occur in 1 in 150,000 individuals. for unknown reasons, this condition affects more males than females.
what is (are) diabetic retinopathy ? <sep> national eye institute national institutes of health 2020 vision place bethesda, md 20892-3655 301-496-5248 e-mail: 2020@nei.nih.gov www.nei.nih.gov find eye health organizations that address diabetic eye disease.
is mowat-wilson syndrome inherited ? <sep> how is mowat-wilson inherited? mowat-wilson syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases of mowat-wilson syndrome result from new (de novo) mutations in the gene that occur during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) or in early embryonic development. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what is (are) syringoma ? <sep> syringomas are firm yellowish, translucent, or skin colored papules that are often found on the face, particularly around the eyes. they may occur suddenly in crops or multiples. they arise from the sweat ducts. they usually cause no symptoms. they are not associated with underlying abnormality. they are found more commonly in caucasians, and in females at puberty or near middle-age.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for kuru ? <sep> the ninds funds research to better understand the genetic, molecular, and cellular mechanisms that underlie the tse diseases. findings from this research will lead to ways to diagnose, treat, prevent, and ultimately cure these diseases.
how many people are affected by miyoshi myopathy ? <sep> the exact prevalence of miyoshi myopathy is unknown. in japan, where the condition was first described, it is estimated to affect 1 in 440,000 individuals.
is vldlr-associated cerebellar hypoplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) financial help for diabetes care ? <sep> people who enroll in medicare can register with www.mymedicare.gov, a secure online service, and use the site to access their personal medicare information at any time. people can view their claims and order history, and see a description of covered preventive services.
how many people are affected by hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy ? <sep> hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy is a rare disorder, but its specific prevalence is unknown. approximately 200 families affected by the disorder have been identified worldwide.
what are the treatments for isaacs' syndrome ? <sep> anticonvulsants, including phenytoin and carbamazepine, usually provide significant relief from the stiffness, muscle spasms, and pain associated with isaacs' syndrome. plasma exchange may provide short-term relief for individuals with some forms of the acquired disorder.
what causes primary familial brain calcification ? <sep> what causes primary familial brain calcification (pfbc)? pfbc is a genetic condition. mutations in the slc20a2 gene are thought to cause about half of the cases of pfbc. mutations in the pdgfrb and pdgfb genes have also been shown to cause pfbc. in some cases, the genes responsible have not yet been found.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for neuroleptic malignant syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research on neurological disorders such as neuroleptic malignant syndrome. much of this research focuses on finding ways to prevent and treat the disorder.
is schizencephaly inherited ? <sep> is schizencephaly inherited? schizencephaly is not thought to be inherited in most cases and it rarely affects more than one person in a family. a few cases of familial schizencephaly have been linked to changes (mutations) in the emx2 gene.
is age-related macular degeneration inherited ? <sep> age-related macular degeneration usually does not have a clear-cut pattern of inheritance, although the condition appears to run in families in some cases. an estimated 15 to 20 percent of people with age-related macular degeneration have at least one first-degree relative (such as a sibling) with the condition.
what is (are) lupus nephritis ? <sep> the kidneys are two bean-shaped organs, each about the size of a fist. they are located just below the rib cage, one on each side of the spine. every day, the two kidneys filter about 120 to 150 of blood to produce about 1 to 2 quarts of urine, composed of wastes and extra fluid. the urine flows from the kidneys to the bladder through tubes called ureters. the bladder stores urine until releasing it through urination.
is congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for bietti crystalline dystrophy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of bietti crystalline dystrophy: - gene review: gene review: bietti crystalline dystrophy - genetic testing registry: bietti crystalline corneoretinal dystrophy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by alg6-congenital disorder of glycosylation ? <sep> the prevalence of alg6-cdg is unknown, but it is thought to be the second most common type of congenital disorder of glycosylation. more than 30 cases of alg6-cdg have been described in the scientific literature.
what is (are) sclerosing mesenteritis ? <sep> sclerosing mesenteritis is one of many terms used to describe a spectrum of chronic inflammatory diseases affecting the small bowel mesentery, the membrane that anchors the small intestine to the back of the abdominal wall. the cause of this condition is unknown. the most common symptom is abdominal pain or a palpable abdominal mass. click on the highlighted text to view an illustration of the small intestine.
how many people are affected by alternating hemiplegia of childhood ? <sep> alternating hemiplegia of childhood is a rare condition that affects approximately 1 in 1 million people.
is spastic paraplegia type 15 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by l1 syndrome ? <sep> l1 syndrome is estimated to occur in 1 in 25,000 to 60,000 males. females are rarely affected by this condition.
is parsonage turner syndrome inherited ? <sep> is parsonage turner syndrome inherited? parsonage turner syndrome, which is also known as idiopathic neuralgic amyotrophy, is not inherited. however, an inherited form of neuralgic amyotrophy does exist, which is passed down through families in an autosomal dominant manner. for more information on hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy, please click here.
what are the treatments for alternating hemiplegia of childhood ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of alternating hemiplegia of childhood: - the great ormond street hospital - university of utah school of medicine these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by spastic paraplegia type 4 ? <sep> the prevalence of spastic paraplegia type 4 is estimated to be 2 to 6 in 100,000 people worldwide.
what is (are) tranebjaerg svejgaard syndrome ? <sep> tranebjaerg svejgaard syndrome is a rare condition that is characterized by intellectual disability, seizures and psoriasis. it has been reported in four male cousins. the underlying genetic cause of the condition is currently unknown; however, it is thought to be inherited in an x-linked manner. treatment is based on the signs and symptoms present in each person and may include medications to control seizures.
is multifocal motor neuropathy inherited ? <sep> is multifocal motor neuropathy inherited? we are not aware of any evidence that multifocal motor neuropathy (mmn) is inherited or of any reports of familial cases (occurring in more than one person in a family). furthermore, to our knowledge, no specific genes known to be associated with mmn have been identified.
is zellweger spectrum disorder inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by congenital neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis ? <sep> congenital ncl is the rarest type of ncl; approximately 10 cases have been described.
what are the treatments for weissenbacher-zweymller syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of weissenbacher-zweymller syndrome: - genetic testing registry: weissenbacher-zweymuller syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for gilbert syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of gilbert syndrome: - genetic testing registry: gilbert's syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for stormorken syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of stormorken syndrome: - genetic testing registry: stormorken syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of nasopharyngeal cancer ? <sep> signs of nasopharyngeal cancer include trouble breathing, speaking, or hearing. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by nasopharyngeal cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - a lump in the nose or neck. - a sore throat. - trouble breathing or speaking. - nosebleeds. - trouble hearing. - pain or ringing in the ear. - headaches.
how many people are affected by diamond-blackfan anemia ? <sep> diamond-blackfan anemia affects approximately 5 to 7 per million liveborn infants worldwide.
what are the symptoms of diabetic retinopathy ? <sep> diabetic retinopathy often has no early warning signs. don't wait for symptoms. be sure to have a comprehensive dilated eye exam at least once a year. learn more about a comprehensive dilated eye exam.
what are the treatments for paresthesia ? <sep> the appropriate treatment for paresthesia depends on accurate diagnosis of the underlying cause.
is geleophysic dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for monomelic amyotrophy ? <sep> there is no cure for mma. treatment consists of muscle strengthening exercises and training in hand coordination
what causes heart attack ? <sep> coronary heart disease, or chd, is the most common underlying cause of a heart attack. coronary arteries are the blood vessels that bring blood and oxygen to the heart muscle. most heart attacks are caused by a blood clot that blocks one of the coronary arteries. when blood cannot reach part of your heart, that area starves for oxygen. if the blockage continues long enough, cells in the affected area die.
how many people are affected by propionic acidemia ? <sep> propionic acidemia affects about 1 in 100,000 people in the united states. the condition appears to be more common in several populations worldwide, including the inuit population of greenland, some amish communities, and saudi arabians.
how many people are affected by congenital hyperinsulinism ? <sep> congenital hyperinsulinism affects approximately 1 in 50,000 newborns. this condition is more common in certain populations, affecting up to 1 in 2,500 newborns.
what are the treatments for spinocerebellar ataxia type 2 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sca2: - gene review: gene review: spinocerebellar ataxia type 2 - genetic testing registry: spinocerebellar ataxia 2 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by cav3-related distal myopathy ? <sep> the prevalence of cav3-related distal myopathy is unknown. only a few affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
what is (are) prevent diabetes problems: keep your kidneys healthy ? <sep> your kidneys are two bean-shaped organs, each about the size of a fist. they are located just below your rib cage, one on each side of your spine. every day, your two kidneys filter about 120 to 150 quarts of blood to produce about 1 to 2 quarts of urine. urine flows from your kidneys to your bladder through tubes called ureters. your bladder stores urine until releasing it through urination.
how many people are affected by fragile x-associated primary ovarian insufficiency ? <sep> an estimated 1 in 200 females has the genetic change that leads to fxpoi, although only about a quarter of them develop the condition. fxpoi accounts for about 4 to 6 percent of all cases of primary ovarian insufficiency in women.
what are the treatments for parasites - toxocariasis (also known as roundworm infection) ? <sep> visceral toxocariasis can be treated with antiparasitic drugs such as albendazole or mebendazole. treatment of ocular toxocariasis is more difficult and usually consists of measures to prevent progressive damage to the eye. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
what are the treatments for brown-sequard syndrome ? <sep> generally treatment for individuals with bss focuses on the underlying cause of the disorder. early treatment with high-dose steroids may be beneficial in many cases. other treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
is beta-ketothiolase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by prion disease ? <sep> these disorders are very rare. although the exact prevalence of prion disease is unknown, studies suggest that this group of conditions affects about one person per million worldwide each year. approximately 350 new cases are reported annually in the united states.
what is the outlook for troyer syndrome ? <sep> prognosis varies, although the disease is progressive. some patients may have a mild form of the disease while others eventually lose the ability to walk normally. troyer syndrome does not shorten the normal life span.
what are the treatments for baylisascaris infection ? <sep> how might baylisascaris infection be treated? no drug has been found to be completely effective in treating baylisascaris infections in humans. albendazole is currently considered to be the drug of choice. corticosteroids may also be given to reduce inflammation. in many cases, significant damage has already occurred by the time treatment has started. early diagnosis and treatment provide the best chance of recovery.
how can y. enterocolitica infections be treated for yersinia ? <sep> uncomplicated cases of diarrhea due to y. enterocolitica usually resolve on their own without antibiotic treatment. however, in more severe or complicated infections, antibiotics such as aminoglycosides, doxycycline, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, or fluoroquinolones may be useful.
how many people are affected by aromatic l-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency ? <sep> aadc deficiency is a rare disorder. only about 100 people with this condition have been described in the medical literature worldwide; about 20 percent of these individuals are from taiwan.
what are the treatments for moyamoya disease ? <sep> there are several types of surgery that can restore blood flow (revascularization) to the brain by opening narrowed blood vessels or by bypassing blocked arteries. children usually respond better to revascularization surgery than adults, but the majority of individuals have no further strokes or related problems after surgery.
what are the treatments for hematuria (blood in the urine) ? <sep> hematuria is treated by treating its underlying cause. if no serious condition is causing hematuria, no treatment is needed. hematuria caused by a uti is treated with antibiotics; urinalysis should be repeated 6 weeks after antibiotic treatment ends to be sure the infection has resolved.
what causes von hippel-lindau disease ? <sep> what causes von hippel-lindau disease? von hippel-lindau (vhl) disease is caused by a mutation in the vhl gene. this gene is a tumor suppressor gene, which helps to control cell growth. mutations in the vhl gene lead to a lack of regulation of cell growth and survival, allowing cells to grow and divide uncontrollably, forming the tumors that are associated with vhl disease.
is alpha thalassemia inherited ? <sep> the inheritance of alpha thalassemia is complex. each person inherits two alpha-globin alleles from each parent. if both parents are missing at least one alpha-globin allele, their children are at risk of having hb bart syndrome, hbh disease, or alpha thalassemia trait. the precise risk depends on how many alleles are missing and which combination of the hba1 and hba2 genes is affected.
how many people are affected by juvenile hyaline fibromatosis ? <sep> the prevalence of juvenile hyaline fibromatosis is unknown. about 70 people with this disorder have been reported.
what are the symptoms of hypopharyngeal cancer ? <sep> signs and symptoms of hypopharyngeal cancer include a sore throat and ear pain. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by hypopharyngeal cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - a sore throat that does not go away. - ear pain. - a lump in the neck. - painful or difficult swallowing. - a change in voice.
what are the treatments for stiff-person syndrome ? <sep> people with sps respond to high doses of diazepam and several anti-convulsants, gabapentin and tiagabine. a recent study funded by the ninds demonstrated the effectiveness of intravenous immunoglobulin (ivig) treatment in reducing stiffness and lowering sensitivity to noise, touch, and stress in people with sps.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for meralgia paresthetica ? <sep> within the ninds research programs, meralgia paresthetica is addressed primarily through studies associated with pain research. ninds vigorously pursues a research program seeking new treatments for pain and nerve damage with the ultimate goal of reversing these debilitating conditions.
how to diagnose long qt syndrome ? <sep> how is long qt syndrome diagnosed? long qt syndrome is diagnosed on the basis of electrocardiographic (ekg) findings, clinical findings such as congenital deafness or unexplained fainting, and family history of long qt syndrome or sudden cardiac death. genetic testing is often performed in families in whom the diagnosis of long qt syndrome has been made or is suspected on clinical grounds.
how many people are affected by anencephaly ? <sep> anencephaly is one of the most common types of neural tube defect, affecting about 1 in 1,000 pregnancies. however, most of these pregnancies end in miscarriage, so the prevalence of this condition in newborns is much lower. an estimated 1 in 10,000 infants in the united states is born with anencephaly.
what are the treatments for erdheim-chester disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of erdheim-chester disease: - histiocytosis association: erdheim-chester disease diagnosis and treatment these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for fibrochondrogenesis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fibrochondrogenesis: - genetic testing registry: fibrochondrogenesis - genetic testing registry: fibrochondrogenesis 2 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) copd ? <sep> more information on copd is available at: what is copd? and at the learn more, breathe better campaign for information on quitting smoking, visit http://www.surgeongeneral.gov/tobacco/ or smokefree.gov. for information on the h1n1 flu and copd, go to the centers for disease control and prevention.
what is (are) pityriasis lichenoides ? <sep> pityriasis lichenoides is a skin disorder of unknown cause. there are two types of pityriasis lichenoides; a more severe form with a sudden onset that tends to be short-lived (acute) which is usually found in children, known as pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta and a more mild but long-lasting (chronic) form known as pityriasis lichenoides chronica. pityriasis lichenoides chronica may clear up in a few weeks or persist for years.
is congenital leptin deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by 18q deletion syndrome ? <sep> 18q deletion syndrome occurs in an estimated 1 in 40,000 newborns. this condition is found in people of all ethnic backgrounds.
do you have information about nutritional support <sep> summary : nutritional support is therapy for people who cannot get enough nourishment by eating or drinking. you may need it if you - can't swallow - have problems with your appetite - are severely malnourished - can't absorb nutrients through your digestive system you receive nutritional support through a needle or catheter placed in your vein or with a feeding tube, which goes into your stomach.
what is the outlook for motor neuron diseases ? <sep> prognosis varies depending on the type of mnd and the age of onset. some mnds, such as primary lateral sclerosis and kennedy disease, are not fatal and progress slowly. patients with spinal muscular atrophy may appear to be stable for long periods, but improvement should not be expected. some mnds, such as als and some forms of spinal muscular atrophy, are fatal.
what are the treatments for factor xiii deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of factor xiii deficiency: - genetic testing registry: factor xiii, a subunit, deficiency of - genetic testing registry: factor xiii, b subunit, deficiency of these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by palmoplantar keratoderma with deafness ? <sep> palmoplantar keratoderma with deafness is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. at least 10 affected families have been identified.
how many people are affected by bart-pumphrey syndrome ? <sep> bart-pumphrey syndrome is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown. only a few affected families and individual cases have been identified.
what are the treatments for triple a syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of triple a syndrome: - genetic testing registry: glucocorticoid deficiency with achalasia - medlineplus encyclopedia: achalasia - medlineplus encyclopedia: anisocoria these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is cytochrome p450 oxidoreductase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by congenital contractural arachnodactyly ? <sep> the prevalence of congenital contractural arachnodactyly is estimated to be less than 1 in 10,000 worldwide.
is camurati-engelmann disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for myoclonus ? <sep> treatment of myoclonus focuses on medications that may help reduce symptoms. the drug of first choice is clonazepam, a type of tranquilizer. many of the drugs used for myoclonus, such as barbiturates, phenytoin, and primidone, are also used to treat epilepsy. sodium valproate is an alternative therapy for myoclonus and can be used either alone or in combination with clonazepam. myoclonus may require the use of multiple drugs for effective treatment.
what are the treatments for spinal cord infarction ? <sep> treatment is symptomatic. physical and occupational therapy may help individuals recover from weakness or paralysis. a catheter may be necessary for patients with urinary incontinence.
what causes lipodermatosclerosis ? <sep> what causes lipodermatosclerosis? the exact cause of lipodermatosclerosis is unknown; however, it may be related to certain vein abnormalities and/or obesity. lipodermatosclerosis often occurs in people with venous insufficiency. approximately two thirds of affected people are obese.
is mucopolysaccharidosis type iii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by atelosteogenesis type 1 ? <sep> atelosteogenesis type 1 is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown. only a few dozen affected individuals have been identified.
what is the outlook for landau-kleffner syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for children with lks varies. some affected children may have a permanent severe language disorder, while others may regain much of their language abilities (although it may take months or years). in some cases, remission and relapse may occur. the prognosis is improved when the onset of the disorder is after age 6 and when speech therapy is started early. seizures generally disappear by adulthood.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for corticobasal degeneration ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research studies on degenerative disorders such as corticobasal degeneration. the goals of these studies are to increase scientific understanding of these disorders and to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
is sialic acid storage disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is carbamoyl phosphate synthetase i deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) isobutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> isobutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency (ibd deficiency) is an inborn error of valine (an amino acid) metabolism. the symptoms, which may not develop until later in infancy or childhood, can include failure to thrive, dilated cardiomyopathy, seizures, and anemia. ibd deficiency is caused by mutations in the acad8 gene. it is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner.
what are the treatments for herpes zoster oticus ? <sep> some cases of herpes zoster oticus do not require treatment. when treatment is needed, medications such as antiviral drugs or corticosteroids may be prescribed. vertigo may be treated with the drug diazepam
what are the treatments for high blood pressure ? <sep> in most cases, the goal is probably to keep your blood pressure below 140/90 mmhg (130/80 if you have diabetes or chronic kidney disease). normal blood pressure is less than 120/80. ask your doctor what your blood pressure goal should be. if you have high blood pressure, you will need to treat it and control it for life. this means making lifestyle changes, and, in some cases, taking prescribed medicines, and getting ongoing medical care.
what are the treatments for laing distal myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of laing distal myopathy: - gene review: gene review: laing distal myopathy - genetic testing registry: myopathy, distal, 1 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is carney complex inherited ? <sep> carney complex is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in approximately 80 percent of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. the remaining cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of carney complex in their family.
what are the treatments for prescription and illicit drug abuse ? <sep> people can receive treatment as outpatients (they live at home and visit the doctor or other provider) or through inpatient services (they live temporarily at a special facility where they get treatment). the support of family and friends is important during the treatment process.
is marfan syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. at least 25 percent of marfan syndrome cases result from a new mutation in the fbn1 gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is nijmegen breakage syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by hereditary leiomyomatosis and renal cell cancer ? <sep> hlrcc has been reported in approximately 100 families worldwide. its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by pearson marrow-pancreas syndrome ? <sep> pearson marrow-pancreas syndrome is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown.
how to diagnose cryptogenic organizing pneumonia ? <sep> how is cryptogenic organizing pneumonia diagnosed? a diagnosis of cryptogenic organizing pneumonia is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms once other conditions that cause similar features have been excluded. this includes ruling out other known causes of organizing pneumonia. additional testing such as a computed tomography (ct) scan or lung biopsy can confirm the diagnosis.
is piebaldism inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by spastic paraplegia type 15 ? <sep> spastic paraplegia type 15 is a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by cri-du-chat syndrome ? <sep> cri-du-chat syndrome occurs in an estimated 1 in 20,000 to 50,000 newborns. this condition is found in people of all ethnic backgrounds.
what are the treatments for atopic dermatitis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of atopic dermatitis: - american academy of dermatology: atopic dermatitis: tips for managing these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for naegeli syndrome ? <sep> is there a treatment for naegeli syndrome? treatment for naegeli syndrome is based on an individual's symptoms. dry skin can be moisturized with creams. to avoid overheating, affected individuals should wear appropriate clothing and use wet dressings. dental care is needed treat cavities and tooth loss.
how many people are affected by fibrochondrogenesis ? <sep> fibrochondrogenesis appears to be a rare disorder. about 20 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by cog5-congenital disorder of glycosylation ? <sep> cog5-cdg is a very rare disorder; fewer than 10 cases have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by autoimmune addison disease ? <sep> addison disease affects approximately 11 to 14 in 100,000 people of european descent. the autoimmune form of the disorder is the most common form in developed countries, accounting for up to 90 percent of cases.
how many people are affected by otopalatodigital syndrome type 2 ? <sep> otopalatodigital syndrome type 2 is a rare disorder, affecting fewer than 1 in every 100,000 individuals. its specific incidence is unknown.
what causes erythropoietic protoporphyria ? <sep> what is the genetic basis of erythropoietic protoporphyria? erythropoietic protoporphyria is caused by mutations in the fech gene.
is juvenile polyposis syndrome inherited ? <sep> juvenile polyposis syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in approximately 75 percent of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. the remaining 25 percent of cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by infantile-onset spinocerebellar ataxia ? <sep> more than 20 individuals with iosca have been identified in finland. a few individuals with similar symptoms have been reported elsewhere in europe.
who is at risk for osteoporosis? ? <sep> women have smaller bones, and they lose bone more rapidly than men because of hormone changes that occur after menopause. therefore, women are at higher risk for osteoporosis.
what are the treatments for neurotoxicity ? <sep> treatment involves eliminating or reducing exposure to the toxic substance, followed by symptomatic and supportive therapy.
how to diagnose frontal fibrosing alopecia ? <sep> how is frontal fibrosing alopecia diagnosed? frontal fibrosing alopecia is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. the diagnosis can be confirmed by examining a small sample of skin (skin biopsy) from the affected area. in some cases, laboratory studies may be ordered to rule out other conditions that cause similar features.
what is the outlook for fahr's syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for any individual with fahr's syndrome is variable and hard to predict. there is no reliable correlation between age, extent of calcium deposits in the brain, and neurological deficit. since the appearance of calcification is age-dependent, a ct scan could be negative in a gene carrier who is younger than the age of 55.
how many people are affected by narcolepsy ? <sep> narcolepsy affects about 1 in 2,000 people in the united states and western europe. however, the disorder is likely underdiagnosed, particularly in people with mild symptoms. worldwide, narcolepsy appears to be most common in japan, where it affects an estimated 1 in 600 people.
what are the treatments for donohue syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of donohue syndrome: - genetic testing registry: leprechaunism syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by spinocerebellar ataxia type 2 ? <sep> the prevalence of sca2 is unknown. this condition is estimated to be one of the most common types of spinocerebellar ataxia; however, all types of spinocerebellar ataxia are relatively rare. sca2 is more common in cuba, particularly in the holgun province, where approximately 40 per 100,000 individuals are affected.
how many people are affected by mucolipidosis iii alpha/beta ? <sep> mucolipidosis iii alpha/beta is a rare disorder, although its exact prevalence is unknown. it is estimated to occur in about 1 in 100,000 to 400,000 individuals worldwide.
what is (are) dry mouth ? <sep> you should avoid sticky and sugary foods. if you do eat them, brush immediately afterwards. also, be aware that spicy and salty foods can cause pain in a dry mouth. you should also avoid drinks with caffeine and alcohol. they can dry out the mouth.
what are the treatments for valinemia ? <sep> how might valinemia be treated? due to the rarity of valinemia, information about treatment in the medical literature is very limited. a diet low in valine introduced during early infancy is thought to improve symptoms of the condition and lower valine concentrations in the blood to normal levels.
how many people are affected by aceruloplasminemia ? <sep> aceruloplasminemia has been seen worldwide, but its overall prevalence is unknown. studies in japan have estimated that approximately 1 in 2 million adults in this population are affected.
what is the outlook for paroxysmal hemicrania ? <sep> many patients experience complete to near-complete relief of symptoms following physician-supervised medical treatment. paroxysmal hemicrania may last indefinitely but has been known to go into remission or stop spontaneously.
how many people are affected by acquired cystic kidney disease ? <sep> acquired cystic kidney disease becomes more common the longer a person has ckd. - about 7 to 22 percent of people with ckd already have acquired cystic kidney disease before starting dialysis treatments. - almost 60 percent of people on dialysis for 2 to 4 years develop acquired cystic kidney disease.1 - about 90 percent of people on dialysis for 8 years develop acquired cystic kidney disease.1
what are the treatments for hyperprolinemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hyperprolinemia: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: deficiency of pyrroline-5-carboxylate reductase - genetic testing registry: proline dehydrogenase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for developmental dyspraxia ? <sep> the ninds supports research on developmental disorders, such as developmental dyspraxia, aimed at learning more about these disorders, and finding ways to prevent and treat them.
what is (are) leber hereditary optic neuropathy ? <sep> leber hereditary optic neuropathy (lhon) is an inherited form of vision loss. although this condition usually begins in a person's teens or twenties, rare cases may appear in early childhood or later in adulthood. for unknown reasons, males are affected much more often than females. this condition is caused by mutations in the mt-nd1, mt-nd4, mt-nd4l, and mt-nd6 genes.
how many people are affected by autoimmune polyglandular syndrome, type 1 ? <sep> autoimmune polyglandular syndrome, type 1 is thought to be a rare condition, with about 500 cases reported worldwide. this condition occurs more frequently in certain populations, including iranian jews, sardinians, and finns.
how many people are affected by hystrix-like ichthyosis with deafness ? <sep> hid is a rare disorder. its prevalence is unknown.
who is at risk for low vision? ? <sep> people age 60 and older, as well as african americans and hispanics over age 45, are at higher risk. african americans and hispanics are at higher risk for low vision because they are at higher risk for developing diabetes and diabetic retinopathy, and african americans are at a higher risk for developing glaucoma.
how many people are affected by familial erythrocytosis ? <sep> familial erythrocytosis is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown.
is griscelli syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is vohwinkel syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumor syndrome ? <sep> the exact prevalence of hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumor syndrome is unknown. approximately 200 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by mycosis fungoides ? <sep> mycosis fungoides occurs in about 1 in 100,000 to 350,000 individuals. it accounts for approximately 70 percent of cutaneous t-cell lymphomas. for unknown reasons, mycosis fungoides affects males nearly twice as often as females. in the united states, there are an estimated 3.6 cases per million people each year. the condition has been found in regions around the world.
what is the outlook for inclusion body myositis ? <sep> ibm is generally resistant to all therapies and its rate of progression appears to be unaffected by currently available treatments.
what are the treatments for omsk hemorrhagic fever (ohf) ? <sep> there is no specific treatment for ohf, but supportive therapy is important. supportive therapy includes the maintenance of hydration and the usual precautions for patients with bleeding disorders. though rare, ohf can cause hearing loss, hair loss, and behavioral or psychological difficulties associated with neurological conditions and long term supportive case may be needed.
how many people are affected by gitelman syndrome ? <sep> gitelman syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 40,000 people worldwide.
what are the treatments for 47,xyy syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 47,xyy syndrome: - association for x and y chromosome variations: tell me about 47,xyy - genetic testing registry: double y syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes blue rubber bleb nevus syndrome ? <sep> what causes blue rubber bleb nevus syndrome? currently the cause of blue rubber bleb syndrome is not known.
how many people are affected by lama2-related muscular dystrophy ? <sep> the prevalence of early-onset lama2-related muscular dystrophy is estimated at 1 in 30,000 individuals. this condition accounts for between 30 and 40 percent of total cases of congenital muscular dystrophy, although its contribution may be higher or lower than this range in specific populations. late-onset lama2-related muscular dystrophy is rare; its prevalence is unknown.
what is (are) diagnosis of diabetes and prediabetes ? <sep> prediabetes is when blood glucose levels are higher than normal but not high enough for a diagnosis of diabetes. prediabetes means a person is at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes, as well as for heart disease and stroke. many people with prediabetes develop type 2 diabetes within 10 years. however, modest weight loss and moderate physical activity can help people with prediabetes delay or prevent type 2 diabetes.
what are the treatments for winchester syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of winchester syndrome: - genetic testing registry: winchester syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for joubert syndrome ? <sep> treatment for joubert syndrome is symptomatic and supportive. infant stimulation and physical, occupational, and speech therapy may benefit some children. infants with abnormal breathing patterns should be monitored. screening for progressive eye, liver, and kidney complications associated with joubert-related disorders should be performed on a regular basis.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for behcet's disease ? <sep> the ninds supports research on painful neurological disorders such as behcet's disease. the national human genome research institute, another institute of the national institutes of health, conducts research into the genomic basis of behcet's disease. this research is aimed at discovering the causes of these disorders and finding ways to treat, prevent, and, ultimately, cure them.
how many people are affected by catsper1-related nonsyndromic male infertility ? <sep> the prevalence of catsper1-related nonsyndromic male infertility is unknown.
what causes warthin tumor ? <sep> what causes warthin tumor? the exact underlying cause of warthin tumor is currently unknown. however, smoking is thought to increase the risk of developing the tumor. some studies suggest that radiation exposure and autoimmune disorders may also be associated with warthin tumor.
how many people are affected by multiple epiphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> the incidence of dominant multiple epiphyseal dysplasia is estimated to be at least 1 in 10,000 newborns. the incidence of recessive multiple epiphyseal dysplasia is unknown. both forms of this disorder may actually be more common because some people with mild symptoms are never diagnosed.
what are the treatments for hypochondroplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hypochondroplasia: - gene review: gene review: hypochondroplasia - genetic testing registry: hypochondroplasia - medlineplus encyclopedia: lordosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for huntington's disease ? <sep> huntingtons disease causes disability that gets worse over time. people with this disease usually die within 15 to 20 years following diagnosis. at this time, no treatment is available to slow, stop or reverse the course of hd.
is glycogen storage disease type iii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for locked-in syndrome ? <sep> while in rare cases some patients may regain certain functions, the chances for motor recovery are very limited.
is argininosuccinic aciduria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) parkinson's disease ? <sep> carbidopa is a drug that is usually given along with levodopa. it delays the body's conversion of levodopa into dopamine until the levodopa reaches the brain. this prevents or reduces some of the side effects that often accompany levodopa therapy. carbidopa also reduces the amount of levodopa needed.
what are the treatments for adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) knee replacement ? <sep> a physical therapist will teach you exercises to help your recovery. you can expect some pain, discomfort, and stiffness as you begin therapy, but to get the best results from your new knee, it is important to do all of the exercises your physical therapist recommends.
how many people are affected by myosin storage myopathy ? <sep> myosin storage myopathy is a rare condition. its prevalence is unknown.
is late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by celiac disease ? <sep> as many as one in 141 americans has celiac disease, although most remain undiagnosed.2 celiac disease affects children and adults in all parts of the world and is more common in caucasians and females. celiac disease is also more common among people with certain genetic diseases, including down syndrome and turner syndromea condition that affects girls' development.
is pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is bjrnstad syndrome inherited ? <sep> bjrnstad syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is tarsal-carpal coalition syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what is the outlook for mucolipidoses ? <sep> symptoms of ml can be congenital (present at birth) or begin in early childhood or adolescence. early symptoms can include skeletal abnormalities, vision problems and developmental delays. over time, many children with ml develop poor mental capacities, have difficulty reaching normal developmental milestones, and, in many cases, eventually die of the disease.
how many people are affected by 15q13.3 microdeletion ? <sep> 15q13.3 microdeletion likely occurs in about 1 in 40,000 people in the general population. it appears to be more common in people with intellectual disability, epilepsy, schizophrenia, or autism spectrum disorders.
how many people are affected by prothrombin deficiency ? <sep> prothrombin deficiency is very rare; it is estimated to affect 1 in 2 million people in the general population.
is benign chronic pemphigus inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is congenital plasminogen deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is glycogen storage disease type vii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for isaacs' syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for isaacs' syndrome. the long-term prognosis for individuals with the disorder is uncertain.
what are the treatments for iridocorneal endothelial syndrome ? <sep> how might iridocorneal endothelial (ice) syndrome be treated? it is not possible to halt the progression of ice syndrome. treatment is usually focused on managing the glaucoma associated with the disease, either through medication or possible surgery, to help reduce pressure in the eye. medication and corneal transplant can also be used to treat corneal swelling.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for lennox-gastaut syndrome ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a broad program of basic and clinical research on epilepsy including lennox-gastaut syndrome. these studies are aimed at finding the causes of these disorders, improving the diagnosis, and developing new medications and other therapies.
how many people are affected by kufs disease ? <sep> collectively, all forms of ncl affect an estimated 1 in 100,000 individuals worldwide. ncls are more common in finland, where approximately 1 in 12,500 individuals have the condition. kufs disease is thought to represent 1.3 to 10 percent of all ncls.
what is (are) pearson syndrome ? <sep> pearson syndrome is a mitochondrial disorder characterized by transfusion-dependent sideroblastic anemia and pancreatic dysfunction resulting in in malabsorption and chronic diarrhea. the features of this progressive disorder may change over time. individuals who survive beyond infancy often develop the symptoms of kearns-sayre syndrome or leigh syndrome. pearson syndrome is caused by deletions in mitochondrial dna. inheritance is usually sporadic.
what are the treatments for dandy-walker syndrome ? <sep> treatment for individuals with dandy-walker syndrome generally consists of treating the associated problems, if needed. a surgical procedure called a shunt may be required to drain off excess fluid within the brain, which will reduce pressure inside the skull and improve symptoms. treatment may also include various forms of therapy (physicial, occupational) and specialized education.
what are the complications of knee replacement ? <sep> two of the most common possible problems are blood clots and infection. other complications, such as new or ongoing pain, stiffness, fracture, bleeding, or injury to the blood vessels can occur. serious medical complications, such as heart attack or stroke, are very rare.
who is at risk for prostate cancer? ? <sep> prostate cancer is most common in older men. in the u.s., about one out of five men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer. most men diagnosed with prostate cancer do not die of it. see the following pdq summaries for more information about prostate cancer: - prostate cancer screening - prostate cancer treatment
how to prevent chapare hemorrhagic fever (chhf) ? <sep> although rodent control would be desirable, it will not be a successful strategy for preventing chapare hemorrhagic fever cases caused by exposures outdoors. as for other hemorrhagic fevers, full barrier nursing procedures should be implemented during management of suspected or confirmed chhf cases.
what is (are) lattice corneal dystrophy type 1 ? <sep> lattice corneal dystrophy is a type of stromal dystrophy. it is characterized by the build up of protein fibers (i.e., amyloid) in the stroma. symptoms may include corneal erosions, decreased vision, photosensitivity, and eye pain. most cases of lattice dystrophy are caused by mutations in the tgfbi gene.
is baller-gerold syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) prostate cancer ? <sep> sometimes, cancer cells break away from the malignant tumor in the prostate and enter the bloodstream or the lymphatic system and travel to other organs in the body. when cancer spreads from its original location in the prostate to another part of the body such as the bone, it is called metastatic prostate cancer, not bone cancer. doctors sometimes call this "distant" disease.
is hennekam syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is bowen-conradi syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by melnick-needles syndrome ? <sep> melnick-needles syndrome is a rare disorder; fewer than 100 cases have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by cyclic vomiting syndrome ? <sep> the exact prevalence of cyclic vomiting syndrome is unknown; estimates range from 4 to 2,000 per 100,000 children. the condition is diagnosed less frequently in adults, although recent studies suggest that the condition may begin in adulthood as commonly as it begins in childhood.
is tietze syndrome inherited ? <sep> is tietze syndrome inherited? tietze syndrome is not thought to be inherited. most cases occur sporadically in people with no family history of the condition.
how many people are affected by hemophilia ? <sep> the two major forms of hemophilia occur much more commonly in males than in females. hemophilia a is the most common type of the condition; 1 in 4,000 to 1 in 5,000 males worldwide are born with this disorder. hemophilia b occurs in approximately 1 in 20,000 newborn males worldwide.
what are the treatments for parasites - cysticercosis ? <sep> some people with cysticercosis do not need to be treated. there are medications available to treat cysticercosis for those who do need treatment. sometimes surgery may be needed. your doctor will advise you on which treatment is best for you. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment more on: taeniasis
how many people are affected by desmosterolosis ? <sep> the prevalence of desmosterolosis is unknown; at least 10 affected individuals have been described in the scientific literature.
how to diagnose mecp2 duplication syndrome ? <sep> how is mecp2 duplication syndrome diagnosed? a diagnosis of mecp2 duplication syndrome is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. genetic testing can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis.
what causes myh-associated polyposis ? <sep> what causes myh-associated polyposis? mutations in the myh gene cause myh-associated polyposis. mutations in this gene prevent cells from correcting mistakes that are made when dna is copied (dna replication) in preparation for cell division. as these mistakes build up in a person's dna, the likelihood of cell overgrowth increases, leading to colon polyps and the possibility of colon cancer.
what are the treatments for maffucci syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of maffucci syndrome: - genetic testing registry: maffucci syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is schinzel-giedion syndrome inherited ? <sep> schinzel-giedion syndrome results from new mutations in the setbp1 gene and occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family. one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by glucose-galactose malabsorption ? <sep> glucose-galactose malabsorption is a rare disorder; only a few hundred cases have been identified worldwide. however, as many as 10 percent of the population may have a somewhat reduced capacity for glucose absorption without associated health problems. this condition may be a milder variation of glucose-galactose malabsorption.
how many people are affected by congenital fibrosis of the extraocular muscles ? <sep> cfeom1 is the most common form of congenital fibrosis of the extraocular muscles, affecting at least 1 in 230,000 people. cfeom1 and cfeom3 have been reported worldwide, whereas cfeom2 has been seen in only a few families of turkish, saudi arabian, and iranian descent. tukel syndrome appears to be very rare; it has been diagnosed in only one large turkish family.
what is the outlook for juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options for jmml depend on the following: - the age of the child at diagnosis. - the number of platelets in the blood. - the amount of a certain type of hemoglobin in red blood cells.
what is (are) sideroblastic anemia ? <sep> sideroblastic anemia is a heterogeneous group of blood disorders characterized by an impaired ability of the bone marrow to produce normal red blood cells. the iron inside red blood cells is inadequately used to make hemoglobin, despite adequate or increased amounts of iron. abnormal red blood cells called sideroblasts are found in the blood of people with these anemias. sideroblastic anemias are classified as hereditary, acquired, and reversible.
how many people are affected by methemoglobinemia, beta-globin type ? <sep> the incidence of methemoglobinemia, beta-globin type is unknown.
how many people are affected by familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome ? <sep> familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome is a very rare condition, believed to have a prevalence of less than 1 per million people.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for olivopontocerebellar atrophy ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts a broad range of basic and clinical research on cerebellar degeneration, including work aimed at finding the cause(s) of opca and ways to treat, cure, and, ultimately, prevent the disease. there has been great progress recently since the genes for several of the hereditary forms of opca have been found.
how many people are affected by congenital generalized lipodystrophy ? <sep> congenital generalized lipodystrophy has an estimated prevalence of 1 in 10 million people worldwide. between 300 and 500 people with the condition have been described in the medical literature. although this condition has been reported in populations around the world, it appears to be more common in certain regions of lebanon and brazil.
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> hdl stands for high-density lipoproteins. (lipoproteins are molecules that carry cholesterol through your bloodstream.) hdl cholesterol is sometimes called good cholesterol because it helps remove cholesterol from your artery walls and carries it to your liver. the liver then removes the cholesterol from your body. the higher your hdl cholesterol level, the lower your chances of getting heart disease.
is smith-magenis syndrome inherited ? <sep> smith-magenis syndrome is typically not inherited. this condition usually results from a genetic change that occurs during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) or in early fetal development. most often, people with smith-magenis syndrome have no history of the condition in their family.
how many people are affected by frasier syndrome ? <sep> frasier syndrome is thought to be a rare condition; approximately 50 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
what is (are) problems with taste ? <sep> taste is the ability to detect different sensations in the mouth, such as sweet or salty. it is part of your body's chemical sensing system. taste combines with other oral sensations, such as texture, spiciness, temperature, and aroma to produce what is commonly referred to as flavor.
how many people are affected by infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy ? <sep> infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy is a very rare disorder. its specific incidence is unknown.
what are the treatments for renal coloboma syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of renal coloboma syndrome: - gene review: gene review: renal coloboma syndrome - genetic testing registry: renal coloboma syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for congenital afibrinogenemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of congenital afibrinogenemia: - genetic testing registry: hereditary factor i deficiency disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) chronic lymphocytic inflammation with pontine perivascular enhancement responsive to steroids ? <sep> chronic lymphocytic inflammation with pontine perivascular enhancement responsive to steroids (clippers) is an inflammatory disease of the central nervous system. the main symptoms of clippers include double vision, nystagmus, uncoordinated movement (ataxia) and facial numbness or tingling. this condition can be treated by suppressing the immune system with steroids.
what causes multifocal choroiditis ? <sep> what causes multifocal choroiditis? multifocal choroiditis occurs spontaneously and the cause is not currently known (idiopathic). it is possible that a bacterial or viral infection may trigger an immune response that causes the inflammation seen with mfc, though more research is needed in this area.
how many people are affected by familial exudative vitreoretinopathy ? <sep> the prevalence of familial exudative vitreoretinopathy is unknown. it appears to be rare, although affected people with normal vision may never come to medical attention.
how many people are affected by jacobsen syndrome ? <sep> the estimated incidence of jacobsen syndrome is 1 in 100,000 newborns. more than 200 affected individuals have been reported.
how many people are affected by spondylocostal dysostosis ? <sep> spondylocostal dysostosis is a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown.
what is the outlook for striatonigral degeneration ? <sep> striatonigral degeneration progresses slowly. some patients have normal life expectancy.
how many people are affected by retroperitoneal fibrosis ? <sep> retroperitoneal fibrosis occurs in 1 in 200,000 to 500,000 people per year. the disorder occurs approximately twice as often in men as it does in women, but the reason for this difference is unclear.
is frontal fibrosing alopecia inherited ? <sep> is frontal fibrosing alopecia inherited? frontal fibrosing alopecia is not thought to be inherited in most cases. it rarely affects more than one person in a family.
what are the symptoms of acquired cystic kidney disease ? <sep> a person with acquired cystic kidney disease often has no symptoms. however, the complications of acquired cystic kidney disease can have signs and symptoms.
is methylmalonic acidemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the mut, mmaa, mmab, mmadhc, or mcee gene in each cell have mutations. most often, the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition are carriers of one copy of the mutated gene but do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent epilepsy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by dowling-degos disease ? <sep> dowling-degos disease appears to be a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type ii ? <sep> hsan2 is a rare disease; however, the prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by balance problems ? <sep> in 2008, an estimated 14.8 percent of american adults (33.4 million) had a balance or dizziness problem during the past year. see statistics about the frequency of balance and other sensory impairments in older adults. (centers for disease control and prevention)
what causes fowler's syndrome ? <sep> what causes fowlers syndrome? the cause of fowler's syndrome is not known. the association of fowlers syndrome and polycystic ovaries in some patients raises the possibility that the syndrome is linked in some way to impaired muscle membrane stability, owing possibly to a hormonal abnormality. the involvement of such a hormonal abnormality may also explain why it primarily affects premenopausal women.
is fatty acid hydroxylase-associated neurodegeneration inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is dubin-johnson syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy inherited ? <sep> myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy has a pattern of inheritance known as incomplete autosomal dominance. people with a mutation in both copies of the mstn gene in each cell (homozygotes) have significantly increased muscle mass and strength. people with a mutation in one copy of the mstn gene in each cell (heterozygotes) also have increased muscle bulk, but to a lesser degree.
how many people are affected by hennekam syndrome ? <sep> at least 50 cases of hennekam syndrome have been reported worldwide.
what are the treatments for glutaric acidemia type ii ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of glutaric acidemia type ii: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: glutaric aciduria, type 2 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for surviving cancer ? <sep> many cancer survivors develop problems with their mouth or teeth. radiation or surgery to the head and neck can cause problems with your teeth and gums, the lining of your mouth, and the glands that make saliva. certain types of chemotherapy can cause the same problems as well as dry mouth, cavities, and a change in the sense of taste.
how many people are affected by norrie disease ? <sep> norrie disease is a rare disorder; its exact incidence is unknown. it is not associated with any specific racial or ethnic group.
what are the treatments for hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia: - genetic testing registry: hypomagnesemia 1, intestinal - medlineplus encyclopedia: hypomagnesemia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by medium-chain acyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> in the united states, the estimated incidence of mcad deficiency is 1 in 17,000 people. the condition is more common in people of northern european ancestry than in other ethnic groups.
how many people are affected by juvenile batten disease ? <sep> juvenile batten disease is the most common type of ncl, but its exact prevalence is unknown. collectively, all forms of ncl affect an estimated 1 in 100,000 individuals worldwide. ncls are more common in finland, where approximately 1 in 12,500 individuals are affected.
is 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coa lyase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is giant axonal neuropathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is orofaciodigital syndrome 2 inherited ? <sep> how is orofaciodigital syndrome type 2 inherited? orofaciodigital syndrome type 2 is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means that an individual needs to inherit two mutated (changed) copies of the gene-one from each parent-in order to have the condition.
what are the treatments for acinetobacter in healthcare settings ? <sep> acinetobacter is often resistant to many commonly prescribed antibiotics. decisions on treatment of infections with acinetobacter should be made on a case-by-case basis by a healthcare provider. acinetobacter infection typically occurs in ill patients and can either cause or contribute to death in these patients.
how many people are affected by christianson syndrome ? <sep> christianson syndrome is a rare condition, although the exact prevalence is unknown. the condition was first described in a south african family and has since been found people in other parts of the world.
what is (are) anemia in chronic kidney disease ? <sep> anemia is a condition in which the body has fewer red blood cells than normal. red blood cells carry oxygen to tissues and organs throughout the body and enable them to use energy from food. with anemia, red blood cells carry less oxygen to tissues and organsparticularly the heart and brainand those tissues and organs may not function as well as they should.
is protein s deficiency inherited ? <sep> protein s deficiency is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one altered copy of the pros1 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause mild protein s deficiency. individuals who inherit two altered copies of this gene in each cell have severe protein s deficiency.
what are the treatments for cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome: - gene review: gene review: cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome - genetic testing registry: cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is renal coloboma syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by complement component 2 deficiency ? <sep> in western countries, complement component 2 deficiency is estimated to affect 1 in 20,000 individuals; its prevalence in other areas of the world is unknown.
what is the outlook for repetitive motion disorders ? <sep> most individuals with rmds recover completely and can avoid re-injury by changing the way they perform repetitive movements, the frequency with which they perform them, and the amount of time they rest between movements. without treatment, rmds may result in permanent injury and complete loss of function in the affected area.
what is (are) multiple pterygium syndrome escobar type ? <sep> multiple pterygium syndrome, escobar type is characterized by webbing of the neck, elbows, and/or knees, and joint contractures. symptoms of escobar syndrome are present from birth. it can be caused by mutations in the chrng gene. it tends to be inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion.
what are the genetic changes related to 2q37 deletion syndrome ? <sep> 2q37 deletion syndrome is caused by a deletion of genetic material from a specific region in the long (q) arm of chromosome 2. the deletion occurs near the end of the chromosome at a location designated 2q37. the size of the deletion varies among affected individuals. the signs and symptoms of this disorder are probably related to the loss of multiple genes in this region.
what are the treatments for sitosterolemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sitosterolemia: - gene review: gene review: sitosterolemia - genetic testing registry: sitosterolemia - massachusetts general hospital: lipid metabolism these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by gm2-gangliosidosis, ab variant ? <sep> the ab variant is extremely rare; only a few cases have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by 2-methylbutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> 2-methylbutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency is a rare disorder; its actual incidence is unknown. this disorder is more common, however, among hmong populations in southeast asia and in hmong americans. 2-methylbutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency occurs in 1 in 250 to 1 in 500 people of hmong ancestry.
how to prevent sickle cell disease ? <sep> people who do not know whether they carry an abnormal hemoglobin gene can ask their doctor to have their blood tested. couples who are planning to have children and know that they are at risk of having a child with sickle cell disease (scd) may want to meet with a genetics counselor. a genetics counselor can answer questions about the risk and explain the choices that are available.
what are the treatments for pulmonary veno-occlusive disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pulmonary veno-occlusive disease: - genetic testing registry: pulmonary veno-occlusive disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by supravalvular aortic stenosis ? <sep> svas occurs in 1 in 20,000 newborns worldwide.
what are the treatments for milroy disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of milroy disease: - gene review: gene review: milroy disease - genetic testing registry: hereditary lymphedema type i - medlineplus encyclopedia: lymphatic obstruction these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by waardenburg syndrome ? <sep> waardenburg syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 40,000 people. it accounts for 2 to 5 percent of all cases of congenital hearing loss. types i and ii are the most common forms of waardenburg syndrome, while types iii and iv are rare.
what can i do to prevent poisoning by marine toxins? <sep> general guidelines for safe seafood consumption:
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for central pain syndrome ? <sep> the ninds vigorously pursues a research program seeking new treatments for chronic pain and nervous system damage. the goals of this research are to develop ways to more effectively treat and potentially reverse debilitating conditions such as central pain syndrome.
who is at risk for shingles? ? <sep> shingles is very common. fifty percent of all americans will have had shingles by the time they are 80. while shingles occurs in people of all ages, it is most common in 60-to 80-year-olds. in fact, one out of every three people 60 years or older will get shingles.
what is the outlook for von hippel-lindau disease (vhl) ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with vhl depends on then number, location, and complications of the tumors. untreated, vhl may result in blindness and/or permanent brain damage. with early detection and treatment the prognosis is significantly improved. death is usually caused by complications of brain tumors or kidney cancer.
how many people are affected by renal coloboma syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of renal coloboma syndrome is unknown; at least 60 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by ochoa syndrome ? <sep> ochoa syndrome is a rare disorder. about 150 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> a lipoprotein profile will also show the level of triglycerides in your blood. a desirable level is less than 150mg/dl. if the triglycerides in your blood are borderline high (150-199 mg/dl), or high (200 mg/dl or more), you may need treatment.
how to diagnose leukemia ? <sep> there are no standard or over-the-counter tests for leukemia. your doctor can request lab analyses for leukemia that include blood tests that check the levels and types of blood cells and look for changes in the shape of blood cells. the doctor may also look for signs of leukemia in the bone marrow or the fluid around the brain or the spinal cord
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for sturge-weber syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports a broad program of research to better understand congenital seizure disorders. this research is aimed at developing techniques to diagnose, treat, prevent, and ultimately cure disorders such as sturge-weber syndrome.
how to diagnose pilomatrixoma ? <sep> how is a pilomatrixoma diagnosed? a diagnosis of pilomatrixoma is usually suspected on physical examination. specialized tests may be ordered to confirm the diagnosis and rule out other conditions that cause similar features. these tests may include an ultrasound, an x-ray, and/or a small biopsy of the tumor.
who is at risk for cataract? ? <sep> the risk of cataract increases as you get older. besides age, other risk factors for cataract include - certain diseases like diabetes - personal behavior like smoking or alcohol use - environmental factors such as prolonged exposure to ultraviolet sunlight. certain diseases like diabetes personal behavior like smoking or alcohol use environmental factors such as prolonged exposure to ultraviolet sunlight.
what is (are) pyelonephritis: kidney infection ? <sep> pyelonephritis is a type of urinary tract infection (uti) that affects one or both kidneys.
what is (are) heart failure ? <sep> in heart failure, the heart cannot pump enough blood through the body. heart failure develops over time as the pumping action of the heart gets weaker. heart failure does not mean that the heart has stopped working or is about to stop working. when the heart is weakened by heart failure, blood and fluid can back up into the lungs and fluid builds up in the feet, ankles, and legs. people with heart failure often experience tiredness and shortness of breath.
what are the treatments for periventricular leukomalacia ? <sep> there is no specific treatment for pvl. treatment is symptomatic and supportive. children with pvl should receive regular medical screenings to determine appropriate interventions.
who is at risk for abdominal adhesions? ? <sep> of patients who undergo abdominal surgery, 93 percent develop abdominal adhesions.1 surgery in the lower abdomen and pelvis, including bowel and gynecological operations, carries an even greater chance of abdominal adhesions. abdominal adhesions can become larger and tighter as time passes, sometimes causing problems years after surgery.
what are the complications of medullary sponge kidney ? <sep> complications of medullary sponge kidney include - hematuria, or blood in the urine - kidney stones - urinary tract infections (utis) medullary sponge kidney rarely leads to more serious problems, such as chronic kidney disease or kidney failure.
what is the outlook for pelizaeus-merzbacher disease ? <sep> the prognosis for those with the severe forms of pelizaeus-merzbacher disease is poor, with progressive deterioration until death. on the other end of the disease spectrum, individuals with the mild form, in which spastic paraplegia is the chief symptom, may have nearly normal activity and life span.
what is the outlook for parry-romberg ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with parry-romberg syndrome varies. in some cases, the atrophy ends before the entire face is affected. in mild cases, the disorder usually causes no disability other than cosmetic effects.
what is the outlook for cerebral arteriosclerosis ? <sep> cerebral arteriosclerosis can lead to life threatening health events such as ischemic or hemorrhagic strokes. people who survive stroke may have long-term neurological and motor impairments.
is miller syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for actin-accumulation myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of actin-accumulation myopathy: - genetic testing registry: nemaline myopathy 3 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to prevent parasites - hookworm ? <sep> the best way to avoid hookworm infection is not to walk barefoot in areas where hookworm is common and where there may be human fecal contamination of the soil. also, avoid other skin contact with such soil and avoid ingesting it. infection can also be prevented by not defecating outdoors and by effective sewage disposal systems.
what to do for urinary tract infections in children ? <sep> children with a uti should drink as much as they wish and not be forced to drink large amounts of fluid. the health care provider needs to know if a child is not interested in drinking or is unable to drink.
is medullary cystic kidney disease inherited ? <sep> how is medullary cystic kidney disease inherited? the 2 types of mckd are both inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. this means that any individual with the condition has a 50% chance of passing on the disease causing mutation to any of their children.
what is (are) breast cancer ? <sep> the body is made up of many types of cells. normally, cells grow, divide, and produce more cells as needed to keep the body healthy. sometimes, however, the process goes wrong. cells become abnormal and form more cells in an uncontrolled way. these extra cells form a mass of tissue, called a growth or tumor. tumors can be benign, which means not cancerous, or malignant, which means cancerous.
how many people are affected by holocarboxylase synthetase deficiency ? <sep> the exact incidence of this condition is unknown, but it is estimated to affect 1 in 87,000 people.
how many people are affected by joubert syndrome ? <sep> joubert syndrome is estimated to affect between 1 in 80,000 and 1 in 100,000 newborns. however, this estimate may be too low because joubert syndrome has such a large range of possible features and is likely underdiagnosed.
what are the treatments for lemierre syndrome ? <sep> how is lemierre syndrome treated? most cases of internal jugular thrombophlebitis can be managed medically without the need for surgery of the infected vein. prolonged courses of intravenous antibiotics (3 to 6 weeks) is usually required. anticoagulants have sometimes been used, but efficacy is unconfirmed. surgery of the internal jugular vein may be required only in the rare patient who fails to respond to antibiotic treatment alone.
how many people are affected by hereditary sensory neuropathy type ia ? <sep> hereditary sensory neuropathy type ia is a rare condition; its prevalence is estimated to be 1 to 2 per 100,000 individuals.
is histidinemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by juvenile paget disease ? <sep> juvenile paget disease is rare; about 50 affected individuals have been identified worldwide.
what to do for zollinger-ellison syndrome ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing zollinger-ellison syndrome.
is charge syndrome inherited ? <sep> charge syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the chd7 gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. in rare cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from an affected parent.
is peters plus syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by milroy disease ? <sep> milroy disease is a rare disorder; its incidence is unknown.
what are the treatments for congenital anosmia ? <sep> how might congenital anosmia be treated? unfortunately, there is currently no known cure or treatment for congenital anosmia.
how many people are affected by collagen vi-related myopathy ? <sep> collagen vi-related myopathy is rare. bethlem myopathy is estimated to occur in 0.77 per 100,000 individuals, and ullrich congenital muscular dystrophy is estimated to occur in 0.13 per 100,000 individuals. only a few cases of the intermediate form have been described in the scientific literature.
what is the outlook for vasculitis syndromes of the central and peripheral nervous systems ? <sep> the prognosis is dependent upon the specific syndrome, however, some of the syndromes are fatal if left untreated.
is hand-foot-genital syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what is (are) parkinson's disease ? <sep> parkinson's disease is a brain disorder that leads to shaking, stiffness, and difficulty with walking, balance, and coordination. it currently affects about half a million people in the united states, although the numbers may be much higher. parkinson's disease is both chronic, meaning it lasts for a long time, and progressive, meaning its symptoms grow worse over time. it is not contagious.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for mitochondrial myopathy ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on mitochondrial myopathies. the goals of this research are to increase scientific understanding of these disorders and to find ways to effectively treat, prevent, or potentially cure them.
how many people are affected by infantile-onset ascending hereditary spastic paralysis ? <sep> infantile-onset ascending hereditary spastic paralysis is a rare disorder, with at least 30 cases reported in the scientific literature.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for ohtahara syndrome ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports an extensive research program on seizures and seizure-related disorders. much of this research is aimed at increasing scientific understanding of these disorders and finding ways to prevent, treat, and potentially cure them.
what are the treatments for rapid-onset dystonia parkinsonism ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of rapid-onset dystonia parkinsonism: - gene review: gene review: rapid-onset dystonia-parkinsonism - genetic testing registry: dystonia 12 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) heart attack ? <sep> a heart attack occurs when the supply of blood and oxygen to an area of the heart muscle is blocked, usually by a blood clot in a coronary artery. if the blockage is not treated within a few hours, the heart muscle will be permanently damaged and replaced by scar tissue.
is cystinuria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is noonan syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by brooke-spiegler syndrome ? <sep> brooke-spiegler syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by walker-warburg syndrome ? <sep> walker-warburg syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 60,500 newborns worldwide.
what causes hemangiopericytoma ? <sep> what causes hemangiopericytoma? the cause of the disease is unknown, and no strong clinical data exist to indicate a convincing link to specific causes. some reports suggest a relationship between hemangiopericytoma and occupational vinyl chloride exposure, as well as exposure to herbicides.
what are the symptoms of primary sclerosing cholangitis ? <sep> the main symptoms of psc are itching, fatigue, and yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes. an infection in the bile ducts can cause chills and fever. psc progresses slowly, so a person can have the disease for years before symptoms develop.
what are the treatments for crohn disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of crohn disease: - genetic testing registry: inflammatory bowel disease 1 - medlineplus encyclopedia: crohn's disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by activated pi3k-delta syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of activated pi3k-delta syndrome is unknown.
what are the treatments for parasites - ascariasis ? <sep> anthelminthic medications (drugs that rid the body of parasitic worms), such as albendazole and mebendazole, are the drugs of choice for treatment of ascaris infections. infections are generally treated for 1-3 days. the drugs are effective and appear to have few side effects. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
how to diagnose what i need to know about interstitial cystitis/painful bladder syndrome ? <sep> finding the cause of bladder pain may require several tests. while tests may aid your doctor in making a diagnosis of ic/pbs, a careful review of your symptoms and a physical exam in the office are generally the most important parts of the evaluation.
how to diagnose parasites - hookworm ? <sep> the standard method for diagnosing the presence of hookworm is by identifying hookworm eggs in a stool sample using a microscope. because eggs may be difficult to find in light infections, a concentration procedure is recommended.
what is (are) liposarcoma ? <sep> liposarcoma is a tumor that arises from fat tissue. this tumor often occurs in the thigh, behind the knee, or in the abdomen, but it can be found in other parts of the body. because a liposarcoma may grow into surrounding tissues or organs, it is considered a malignant tumor.
what are the treatments for ohdo syndrome, say-barber-biesecker-young-simpson variant ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ohdo syndrome, sbbys variant: - gene review: gene review: kat6b-related disorders - genetic testing registry: young simpson syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is multiple familial trichoepithelioma inherited ? <sep> susceptibility to multiple familial trichoepithelioma has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell increases the risk of developing this condition. however, a second, non-inherited mutation is required for development of skin appendage tumors in this disorder.
how many people are affected by argininosuccinic aciduria ? <sep> argininosuccinic aciduria occurs in approximately 1 in 70,000 newborns.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for dyssynergia cerebellaris myoclonica ? <sep> the ninds supports a broad range of research on neurodegenerative disorders such as dyssynergia cerebellaris myoclonica. the goals of this research are to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure these kinds of disorders.
is congenital contractural arachnodactyly inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is spastic paraplegia type 4 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. the remaining cases may result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what is the outlook for spina bifida ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with sb depends on the number and severity of abnormalities. prognosis is poorest for those with complete paralysis, hydrocephalus, and other congenital defects. with proper care, most children with sb live well into adulthood.
how many people are affected by ovarian cancer ? <sep> ovarian cancer affects about 12 in 100,000 women per year.
is lysinuric protein intolerance inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is neuromyelitis optica inherited ? <sep> neuromyelitis optica is usually not inherited. rarely, this condition is passed through generations in families, but the inheritance pattern is unknown.
is kawasaki syndrome inherited ? <sep> is kawasaki syndrome inherited? a predisposition to kawasaki syndrome appears to be passed through generations in families, but the inheritance pattern is unknown.
how many people are affected by beta-mannosidosis ? <sep> beta-mannosidosis is believed to be a very rare disorder. approximately 20 affected individuals have been reported worldwide. it is difficult to determine the specific incidence of beta-mannosidosis, because people with mild or non-specific symptoms may never be diagnosed.
is hyperlysinemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for white sponge nevus ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of white sponge nevus: - genetic testing registry: white sponge nevus of cannon these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for angelman syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of angelman syndrome: - gene review: gene review: angelman syndrome - genetic testing registry: angelman syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: speech disorders these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is tylosis with esophageal cancer inherited ? <sep> how is tylosis with esophageal cancer inherited? this condition has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means that a mutation in one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. affected individuals typically have one parent with the condition.
what are the treatments for agnosia ? <sep> treatment is generally symptomatic and supportive. the primary cause of the disorder should be determined in order to treat other problems that may contribute to or result in agnosia.
how many people are affected by gastrointestinal stromal tumor ? <sep> approximately 5,000 new cases of gist are diagnosed in the united states each year. however, gists may be more common than this estimate because small tumors may remain undiagnosed.
what is the outlook for postural tachycardia syndrome ? <sep> pots may follow a relapsing-remitting course, in which symptoms come and go, for years. in most cases (approximately 80 percent), an individual with pots improves to some degree and becomes functional, although some residual symptoms are common.
how many people are affected by mainzer-saldino syndrome ? <sep> mainzer-saldino syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. at least 20 cases have been reported.
what is (are) high blood pressure ? <sep> blood pressure is the force of blood pushing against the walls of the blood vessels as the heart pumps blood. if your blood pressure rises and stays high over time, its called high blood pressure. high blood pressure is dangerous because it makes the heart work too hard, and the high force of the blood flow can harm arteries and organs such as the heart, kidneys, brain, and eyes.
what is the outlook for hypotonia ? <sep> hypotonia can be a life-long condition. in some cases, however, muscle tone improves over time.
how many people are affected by allergic asthma ? <sep> approximately 235 million people worldwide have asthma. in the united states, the condition affects an estimated 8 percent of the population. in nearly 90 percent of children and 50 percent of adults with asthma, the condition is classified as allergic asthma.
what are the treatments for bjrnstad syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of bjrnstad syndrome: - centers for disease control and prevention: hearing loss in children: screening and diagnosis - genetic testing registry: pili torti-deafness syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is infantile systemic hyalinosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for parasites - paragonimiasis (also known as paragonimus infection) ? <sep> paragonimus infections are treatable by your health care provider. prescription medications are available. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> your ldl goal is how low your ldl cholesterol level should be to reduce your risk of developing heart disease or having a heart attack. the higher your risk, the lower your goal ldl should be. your doctor will set your ldl goal using your medical history and the number of risk factors that you have.
what is (are) dubin-johnson syndrome ? <sep> dubin-johnson syndrome is a condition characterized by jaundice, which is a yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes. in most affected people jaundice appears during adolescence or early adulthood, although a few individuals have been diagnosed soon after birth. jaundice is typically the only symptom of dubin-johnson syndrome, but some people also experience weakness, mild upper abdominal pain, nausea, and/or vomiting.
is diamond-blackfan anemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in approximately 45 percent of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. the remaining cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is 3-methylglutaconyl-coa hydratase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for sjgren's syndrome ? <sep> there is no known cure for sjgren's syndrome nor is there a specific treatment to restore gland secretion. treatment is generally symptomatic and supportive. moisture replacement therapies may ease the symptoms of dryness. nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may be used to treat musculoskeletal symptoms. for individuals with severe complications, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs may be prescribed.
what to do for what i need to know about my child's urinary tract infection ? <sep> to help prevent a uti, make sure your child drinks enough fluids each day. talk with your childs health care provider to find out how much fluid your child should drink.
is gm2-gangliosidosis, ab variant inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for dyssynergia cerebellaris myoclonica ? <sep> treatment of dyssynergia cerebellaris myoclonica is symptomatic. myoclonus and seizures may be treated with drugs like valproate.
what are the treatments for growth failure in children with chronic kidney disease ? <sep> health care providers treat growth failure in children with ckd with - changes in eating, diet, and nutrition - medications - growth hormone therapy most children with growth failure grow to about one-third of their adult height within the first two years of life; therefore, it is important to start treatment for growth failure early.1
how many people are affected by nonsyndromic hearing loss ? <sep> between 2 and 3 per 1,000 children in the united states are born with detectable hearing loss in one or both ears. the prevalence of hearing loss increases with age; the condition affects 1 in 8 people in the united states age 12 and older, or about 30 million people. by age 85, more than half of all people experience hearing loss.
what are the treatments for genitopatellar syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of genitopatellar syndrome: - gene review: gene review: kat6b-related disorders - genetic testing registry: genitopatellar syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is jejunal atresia inherited ? <sep> is jejunal atresia inherited? most cases of jejunal atresia occur sporadically in people with no family history of the condition. however, it can rarely affect more than one family member. in these families, jejunal atresia is likely due to a genetic cause and appears to be inherited in an autosomal recessive or multifactorial manner.
is duane-radial ray syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered sall4 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in many cases, an affected person inherits a mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is mucopolysaccharidosis type i inherited ? <sep> how is mucopolysaccharidosis i (mps i) inherited? mps i is inherited from both parents in an autosomal recessive pattern.
what is (are) parasites - loiasis ? <sep> loiasis is an infection caused by the parasitic worm loa loa.
is unverricht-lundborg disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is alopecia universalis inherited ? <sep> is alopecia universalis inherited? alopecia universalis is believed to be a multifactorial condition, which means it is caused by a combination of environmental influences and genetic predisposition. while a predisposition can be inherited and some affected people have a family history, the condition itself is not thought to be inherited.
is beta-mannosidosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2 ? <sep> psuedohypoaldosteronism type 2 is an inborn error of metabolism. it is characterized by high blood pressure, high levels of potassium in the body, and metabolic acidosis. it is caused by mutations in the wnk1 or wnk4 gene. treatment may involve dietary restriction of sodium and hydrochlorothiazide.
how many people are affected by familial glucocorticoid deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of familial glucocorticoid deficiency is unknown.
what causes progressive deafness with stapes fixation ? <sep> what causes deafness, progressive with stapes fixation? the exact cause of deafness, progressive with stapes fixation depends on whether it is associated with an underlying condition or infection. isolated cases may be inherited. autosomal dominant, autosomal recessive, and x-linked cases have been reported. in some cases, no underlying cause can be identified.
what are the treatments for mucopolysaccharidosis type vii ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mucopolysaccharidosis type vii: - genetic testing registry: mucopolysaccharidosis type vii - national mps society: a guide to understanding mps vii these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by celiac disease ? <sep> celiac disease is a common disorder. its prevalence has been estimated at about 1 in 100 people worldwide.
is myd88 deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is usher syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to diagnose danon disease ? <sep> is genetic testing available for danon disease? yes. genetests lists laboratories offering clinical genetic testing for danon disease. clinical genetic tests are ordered to help diagnose a person or family and to aid in decisions regarding medical care or reproductive issues. talk to your health care provider or a genetic professional to learn more about your testing options. click on the link above to view a list of testing laboratories.
how many people are affected by 17-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 3 deficiency ? <sep> 17-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 3 deficiency is a rare disorder. researchers have estimated that this condition occurs in approximately 1 in 147,000 newborns. it is more common in the arab population of gaza, where it affects 1 in 200 to 300 people.
what is the outlook for myotonia congenita ? <sep> most individuals with myotonia congenita lead long, productive lives. although muscle stiffness may interfere with walking, grasping, chewing, and swallowing, it is usually relieved with exercise.
is hermansky-pudlak syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for swallowing disorders ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes at the national institutes of health conduct research related to dysphagia in their clinics and laboratories and support additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to treat dysphagia.
what are the treatments for heart failure ? <sep> many medications are used to manage heart failure. they include diuretics, ace inhibitors, beta blockers and digoxin. diuretics are used to reduce fluid buildup. ace inhibitors work to improve heart failure in many ways, including lowering blood pressure. beta blockers can also improve heart failure in many ways, including slowing the heart rate. digoxin affects the hormones that worsen heart failure.
what are the treatments for atelosteogenesis type 2 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of atelosteogenesis type 2: - gene review: gene review: atelosteogenesis type 2 - genetic testing registry: atelosteogenesis type 2 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for myh7-related scapuloperoneal myopathy ? <sep> how might scapuloperoneal myopathy be treated? there is no standard course of treatment for scapuloperoneal myopathy. some patients may benefit from physical therapy or other therapeutic exercises.
what causes dry mouth ? <sep> some diseases affect the salivary glands. sjgren's syndrome and diabetes can cause dry mouth. injury to the head or neck can damage the nerves that tell salivary glands to make saliva.
how many people are affected by multiple system atrophy ? <sep> multiple system atrophy has a prevalence of about 2 to 5 per 100,000 people.
is col4a1-related brain small-vessel disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition. rarely, new mutations in the gene occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
who is at risk for neuroblastoma? ? <sep> the risk factors for neuroblastoma are not known.
what are the treatments for liddle syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of liddle syndrome: - genetic testing registry: pseudoprimary hyperaldosteronism - merck manual for health care professionals these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for fumarase deficiency ? <sep> how might fumarase deficiency be treated? there is currently no effective treatment for fumarase deficiency. nutritional intervention may be appropriate for children with feeding difficulties. physical therapy and wheelchairs can also be useful for some individuals.
how many people are affected by mayer-rokitansky-kster-hauser syndrome ? <sep> mrkh syndrome affects approximately 1 in 4,500 newborn girls.
is congenital generalized lipodystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for batten disease ? <sep> over time, affected children suffer cognitive impairment, worsening seizures, and progressive loss of sight and motor skills. eventually, children with batten disease become blind, bedridden, and demented. batten disease is often fatal by the late teens or twenties.
how many people are affected by neuroblastoma ? <sep> neuroblastoma is the most common cancer in infants younger than 1 year. it occurs in 1 in 100,000 children and is diagnosed in about 650 children each year in the united states.
what to do for pyelonephritis: kidney infection ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing pyelonephritis.
how many people are affected by small fiber neuropathy ? <sep> the prevalence of small fiber neuropathy is unknown.
is familial paroxysmal kinesigenic dyskinesia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern. autosomal dominant inheritance means that one copy of an altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
what is (are) smoking and the digestive system ? <sep> smoking contributes to many common disorders of the digestive system, such as heartburn and gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd), peptic ulcers, and some liver diseases. smoking increases the risk of crohns disease, colon polyps, and pancreatitis, and it may increase the risk of gallstones.
what is the outlook for zellweger syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for infants with zellweger syndrome is poor. most infants do not survive past the first 6 months, and usually succumb to respiratory distress, gastrointestinal bleeding, or liver failure.
what are the treatments for turner syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of turner syndrome: - genetic testing registry: turner syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: ovarian hypofunction - medlineplus encyclopedia: turner syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by myoclonic epilepsy myopathy sensory ataxia ? <sep> the prevalence of myoclonic epilepsy myopathy sensory ataxia is unknown.
how can these diseases be treated for marine toxins ? <sep> other than supportive care there are few specific treatments for ciguatera poisoning, paralytic shellfish poisoning, neurotoxic shellfish poisoning, or amnesic shellfish poisoning. antihistamines and epinephrine, however, may sometimes be useful in treating the symptoms of scombrotoxic fish poisoning. intravenous mannitol has been suggested for the treatment of severe ciguatera poisoning.
how many people are affected by leydig cell hypoplasia ? <sep> leydig cell hypoplasia is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
what is (are) glycogen storage disease type 13 ? <sep> glycogen storage disease type 13 (gsd13), also known as -enolase deficiency, is an inherited disease of the muscles. the muscles of an affected individual are not able to produce enough energy to function properly, causing muscle weakness and pain. gsd13 is caused by changes (mutations) in the eno3 gene and is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern.
what are the treatments for atelosteogenesis type 3 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of atelosteogenesis type 3: - gene review: gene review: flnb-related disorders - genetic testing registry: atelosteogenesis type 3 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is myofibrillar myopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by generalized arterial calcification of infancy ? <sep> the prevalence of gaci has been estimated to be about 1 in 391,000. at least 200 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for lambert-eaton myasthenic syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research on neuromuscular disorders such as lems with the ultimate goal of finding ways to treat, prevent, and cure them.
how many people are affected by dopa-responsive dystonia ? <sep> dopa-responsive dystonia is estimated to affect 1 per million people worldwide. however, the disorder is likely underdiagnosed because the condition may not be identified in people with mild symptoms, or it may be misdiagnosed in people who have symptoms similar to other movement disorders.
what are the treatments for doors syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of doors syndrome: - gene review: gene review: tbc1d24-related disorders these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is juvenile primary osteoporosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
who is at risk for parkinson's disease? ? <sep> about 60,000 americans are diagnosed with parkinson's disease each year. the disease strikes about 50 percent more men than women. the average age of onset is 60 years, and the risk of developing the disease increases with age. parkinson's disease is also more common in developed countries, possibly because of increased exposure to pesticides or other environmental toxins.
is erdheim-chester disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is not inherited. it arises from a somatic mutation in histiocytes or their precursor cells during an individual's lifetime.
how many people are affected by huntington disease ? <sep> huntington disease affects an estimated 3 to 7 per 100,000 people of european ancestry. the disorder appears to be less common in some other populations, including people of japanese, chinese, and african descent.
how many people are affected by stve-wiedemann syndrome ? <sep> stve-wiedemann syndrome is a rare condition that has been found worldwide. its prevalence is unknown.
is gm1 gangliosidosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is ren-related kidney disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for lennox-gastaut syndrome ? <sep> treatment for lennox-gastaut syndrome includes clobazam and anti-epileptic medications such as valproate, lamotrigine, felbamate, or topiramate. there is usually no single antiepileptic medication that will control seizures. children who improve initially may later show tolerance to a drug or have uncontrollable seizures.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for miller fisher syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research aimed at discovering new ways to diagnose, treat, and, ultimately, cure neuropathies such as miller fisher syndrome.
how many people are affected by dentinogenesis imperfecta ? <sep> dentinogenesis imperfecta affects an estimated 1 in 6,000 to 8,000 people.
how to diagnose warthin tumor ? <sep> how is warthin tumor diagnosed? a diagnosis of warthin tumor is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. the following tests may then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis and rule out other conditions that cause similar features: x-rays of the salivary gland (called a ptyalogram or sialogram) ct scan, mri and/or ultrasound salivary gland biopsy
is diffuse gastric cancer inherited ? <sep> can diffuse gastric cancer be inherited? diffuse gastric cancer can be inherited or can happen sporadically in a family. sporadic means that the cancer occurred randomly for the first time in a individual and was not inherited from a parent. hereditary diffuse gastric cancer (hdgc) is caused by mutations in the cdh1 gene. individuals with a cdh1 mutation typically develop cancer before age 40.
what are the treatments for ohdo syndrome, maat-kievit-brunner type ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ohdo syndrome, maat-kievit-brunner type: - genetic testing registry: ohdo syndrome, x-linked these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by silver syndrome ? <sep> although silver syndrome appears to be a rare condition, its exact prevalence is unknown.
what is the outlook for lesch-nyhan syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with lns is poor. death is usually due to renal failure in the first or second decade of life.
how many people are affected by trisomy 13 ? <sep> trisomy 13 occurs in about 1 in 16,000 newborns. although women of any age can have a child with trisomy 13, the chance of having a child with this condition increases as a woman gets older.
what is the outlook for neurosarcoidosis ? <sep> the prognosis for patients with neurosarcoidosis varies. approximately two-thirds of those with the condition will recover completely; the remainder will have a chronically progressing or on-and-off course of illness. complications resulting from immunosuppressive treatments, such as cryptococcal and tuberculous meningitis, progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, and inclusion body myositis, may be fatal for a small percentage of individuals.
how many people are affected by rapadilino syndrome ? <sep> rapadilino syndrome is a rare condition, although its worldwide prevalence is unknown. the condition was first identified in finland, where it affects an estimated 1 in 75,000 individuals, although it has since been found in other regions.
what are the treatments for pmm2-congenital disorder of glycosylation ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pmm2-cdg: - gene review: gene review: pmm2-cdg (cdg-ia) - genetic testing registry: carbohydrate-deficient glycoprotein syndrome type i these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for paget's disease of bone ? <sep> the food and drug administration has approved several medications that can stop or slow down the progression of the disease and reduce pain and other symptoms. these medications fall into two categories: bisphosphonates and calcitonin. doctors most often prescribe one of the four strongest bisphosphonates, which are risedronate, alendronate, pamidronate, and zoledronic acid.
is junctional epidermolysis bullosa inherited ? <sep> both types of junctional epidermolysis bullosa are inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for neuroaxonal dystrophy ? <sep> there is no cure for inad and no treatment that can stop the progress of the disease. treatment is symptomatic and supportive. doctors can prescribe medications for pain relief and sedation. physiotherapists and other physical therapists can teach parents and caregivers how to position and seat their child, and to exercise arms and legs to maintain comfort.
how many people are affected by common variable immune deficiency ? <sep> cvid is estimated to affect 1 in 25,000 to 1 in 50,000 people worldwide, although the prevalence can vary across different populations.
is sitosterolemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for post-polio syndrome ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) conduct research related to pps in laboratories at the nih, and also support additional pps research through grants to major medical institutions across the country.
what are the treatments for creutzfeldt-jakob disease ? <sep> there is no treatment that can cure or control cjd, although studies of a variety of drugs are now in progress. current treatment is aimed at alleviating symptoms and making the person as comfortable as possible. opiate drugs can help relieve pain, and the drugs clonazepam and sodium valproate may help relieve involuntary muscle jerks.intravenous fluids and artificial feeding may be needed in later stages of the disease.
how many people are affected by hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets ? <sep> x-linked hypophosphatemic rickets is the most common form of rickets that runs in families. it affects about 1 in 20,000 newborns. each of the other forms of hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets has been identified in only a few families.
is maple syrup urine disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumor syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by alkaptonuria ? <sep> this condition is rare, affecting 1 in 250,000 to 1 million people worldwide. alkaptonuria is more common in certain areas of slovakia (where it has an incidence of about 1 in 19,000 people) and in the dominican republic.
is glutamate formiminotransferase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is cystinosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is marinesco-sjgren syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes kawasaki disease ? <sep> the cause of kawasaki disease isn't known. the body's response to a virus or infection combined with genetic factors may cause the disease. however, no specific virus or infection has been found, and the role of genetics isn't known. kawasaki disease can't be passed from one child to another. your child won't get it from close contact with a child who has the disease. also, if your child has the disease, he or she can't pass it to another child.
how to diagnose desmoplastic infantile ganglioglioma ? <sep> how are desmoplastic infantile gangliomas diagnosed? in addition to detecting the signs and symptoms commonly seen in digs, head ct scans and mris may reveal the presence of this type of brain tumor.
what is (are) split hand split foot nystagmus ? <sep> split hand split foot nystagmus is a rare congenital syndrome characterized by split hand and split foot deformity and eye abnormalities, especially nystagmus. it is thought to have an autosomal dominant mode of inheritance. currently, the underlying genetic defect has not been identified. the outlook for children with this condition is good.
how many people are affected by spastic paraplegia type 31 ? <sep> spastic paraplegia type 31 is one of a subgroup of hereditary spastic paraplegias known as autosomal dominant hereditary spastic paraplegia, which has an estimated prevalence of one to 12 per 100,000 individuals. spastic paraplegia type 31 accounts for 3 to 9 percent of all autosomal dominant hereditary spastic paraplegia cases.
how many people are affected by schindler disease ? <sep> schindler disease is very rare. only a few individuals with each type of the disorder have been identified.
is stormorken syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by craniofacial-deafness-hand syndrome ? <sep> craniofacial-deafness-hand syndrome is an extremely rare condition. only a few cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
what is (are) colorectal cancer ? <sep> parents, siblings, or children of a person who has had colorectal cancer are somewhat more likely to develop this type of cancer themselves. this is especially true if the relative had the cancer at a young age. if many family members have had colorectal cancer, the chances increase even more.
how to diagnose parasites - lice - body lice ? <sep> body lice infestation is diagnosed by finding eggs and crawling lice in the seams of clothing. sometimes a body louse can be seen crawling or feeding on the skin. although body lice and nits can be large enough to be seen with the naked eye, a magnifying lens may be necessary to find crawling lice or eggs.
what are the treatments for lupus ? <sep> how might lupus be treated? for information on the treatment of lupus, you can read the national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases (niams) publication called handout on health: systemic lupus erythematosus. niams is the primary nih organization for research and information on lupus.
how many people are affected by spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 1 ? <sep> smard1 appears to be a rare condition, but its prevalence is unknown. more than 60 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by tay-sachs disease ? <sep> tay-sachs disease is very rare in the general population. the genetic mutations that cause this disease are more common in people of ashkenazi (eastern and central european) jewish heritage than in those with other backgrounds. the mutations responsible for this disease are also more common in certain french-canadian communities of quebec, the old order amish community in pennsylvania, and the cajun population of louisiana.
what are the treatments for otospondylomegaepiphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of osmed: - genetic testing registry: otospondylomegaepiphyseal dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for fucosidosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fucosidosis: - genetic testing registry: fucosidosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is perry syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. however, some cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by atelosteogenesis type 3 ? <sep> atelosteogenesis type 3 is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown. about two dozen affected individuals have been identified.
what are the symptoms of metastatic squamous neck cancer with occult primary ? <sep> signs and symptoms of metastatic squamous neck cancer with occult primary include a lump or pain in the neck or throat. check with your doctor if you have a lump or pain in your neck or throat that doesn't go away. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by metastatic squamous neck cancer with occult primary. other conditions may cause the same signs and symptoms.
how many people are affected by autosomal recessive hypotrichosis ? <sep> the worldwide prevalence of autosomal recessive hypotrichosis is unknown. in japan, the condition is estimated to affect 1 in 10,000 individuals.
what causes peripheral arterial disease (p.a.d.) ? <sep> the most common cause of p.a.d. is atherosclerosis, a buildup of plaque in the arteries. over time, plaque can harden and narrow the arteries. this limits the flow of oxygen-rich blood to your organs and other parts of your body.
what to do for whipple disease ? <sep> a person with whipple disease and malabsorption may need - a diet high in calories and protein - vitamins - nutritional supplements
what is the outlook for encephaloceles ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with encephaloceles varies depending on the type of brain tissue involved, the location of the sacs, and the accompanying brain malformations.
what causes childhood ependymoma ? <sep> the cause of most childhood brain tumors is unknown.
how to diagnose occipital horn syndrome ? <sep> is genetic testing available for occipital horn syndrome?
what is the outlook for chronic myelogenous leukemia ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the patients age. - the phase of cml. - the amount of blasts in the blood or bone marrow. - the size of the spleen at diagnosis. - the patients general health.
what is the outlook for friedreich's ataxia ? <sep> generally, within 15 to 20 years after the appearance of the first symptoms, the person is confined to a wheelchair, and in later stages of the disease, individuals may become completely incapacitated. friedreich's ataxia can shorten life expectancy; heart disease is the most common cause of death. many individuals with friedreich's ataxia die in early adulthood, but some people with less severe symptoms live into their 60s, 70s, or longer.
is carnitine palmitoyltransferase ii deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is glycine encephalopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is hyperkalemic periodic paralysis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is bietti crystalline dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes multiple pterygium syndrome escobar type ? <sep> what causes multiple pterygium syndrome, escobar type? some cases of multiple pterygium syndrome, escobar type are caused by mutations in the chrng gene. there are likely other causes of this syndrome as well which have not yet been identified. as a result, in some cases the cause for the syndrome can not be determined. escobar syndrome is usually inherited in an autosomal-recessive fashion.
how many people are affected by mckusick-kaufman syndrome ? <sep> this condition was first described in the old order amish population, where it affects an estimated 1 in 10,000 people. the incidence of mckusick-kaufman syndrome in non-amish populations is unknown.
what are the symptoms of prevent diabetes problems: keep your nervous system healthy ? <sep> nerve damage symptoms depend on which nerves have damage. some people have no symptoms or mild symptoms. other people have painful and long-lasting symptoms. as most nerve damage develops over many years, a person may not notice mild cases for a long time. in some people, the onset of pain may be sudden and severe.
is congenital stromal corneal dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for leukodystrophy ? <sep> treatment for most of the leukodystrophies is symptomatic and supportive, and may include medications, physical, occupational, and speech therapies; and nutritional, educational, and recreational programs. bone marrow transplantation is showing promise for a few of the leukodystrophies.
how many people are affected by sitosterolemia ? <sep> only 80 to 100 individuals with sitosterolemia have been described in the medical literature. however, researchers believe that this condition is likely underdiagnosed because mild cases often do not come to medical attention. studies suggest that the prevalence may be at least 1 in 50,000 people.
what causes pyelonephritis: kidney infection ? <sep> pyelonephritis is caused by a bacterium or virus infecting the kidneys. though many bacteria and viruses can cause pyelonephritis, the bacterium escherichia coli is often the cause. bacteria and viruses can move to the kidneys from the bladder or can be carried through the bloodstream from other parts of the body. a uti in the bladder that does not move to the kidneys is called cystitis.
what are the treatments for aphasia ? <sep> in some instances, an individual will completely recover from aphasia without treatment. in most cases, however, language therapy should begin as soon as possible and be tailored to the individual needs of the person. rehabilitation with a speech pathologist involves extensive exercises in which individuals read, write, follow directions, and repeat what they hear. computer-aided therapy may supplement standard language therapy.
what are the treatments for gray platelet syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of gray platelet syndrome: - genetic testing registry: gray platelet syndrome - national heart lung and blood institute: how is thrombocytopenia treated? these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is andersen-tawil syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, a person with andersen-tawil syndrome inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the kcnj2 gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the symptoms of benign schwannoma ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of schwannomas? common signs and symptoms of schwannomas include a slow-growing mass and tinel shock (electric-like shock when affected area is touched). some people may experience numbness or other neurological symptoms depending on the size and location of the tumor.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for cerebral hypoxia ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts studies aimed at understanding neurological conditions that can damage the brain, such as cerebral hypoxia. the goals of these studies are to find ways to prevent and treat these conditions.
is familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern from an affected parent; one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is glutaric acidemia type ii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for vohwinkel syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of vohwinkel syndrome: - genetic testing registry: mutilating keratoderma - genetic testing registry: vohwinkel syndrome, variant form these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by monilethrix ? <sep> the prevalence of monilethrix is unknown.
how many people are affected by sporadic hemiplegic migraine ? <sep> the worldwide prevalence of sporadic hemiplegic migraine is unknown. studies suggest that in denmark about 1 in 10,000 people have hemiplegic migraine and that the condition occurs equally in families with multiple affected individuals (familial hemiplegic migraine) and in individuals with no family history of the condition (sporadic hemiplegic migraine).
how many people are affected by atopic dermatitis ? <sep> atopic dermatitis is a common disorder that affects 10 to 20 percent of children and 5 to 10 percent of adults.
what are the treatments for bronchiolitis obliterans ? <sep> how might bronchiolitis obliterans be treated? while there is no cure for this condition, treatment with corticosteroids can help to stabilize or slow its progression. immunosuppressive therapies and lung transplants might also be used. treatment is most effective during the early stages of the disease. if left untreated, bronchiolitis obliterans can be fatal.
how many people are affected by x-linked lymphoproliferative disease ? <sep> xlp1 is estimated to occur in about 1 per million males worldwide. xlp2 is less common, occurring in about 1 per 5 million males.
what causes floating-harbor syndrome ? <sep> what causes floating-harbor syndrome? the exact cause of floating-harbor syndrome is not known. autosomal dominant inheritance has been suggested.
is marden-walker syndrome inherited ? <sep> is marden-walker syndrome inherited? marden-walker syndrome is thought to be inherited in an autosomal recessive manner since cases of affected siblings and parental consanguinity (the parents of the child with the condition are related to each other) have been reported.
is citrullinemia type i inherited ? <sep> how is citrullinemia type i inherited? citrullinemia type i is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is retroperitoneal fibrosis inherited ? <sep> most cases of retroperitoneal fibrosis are sporadic, which means that they occur in people with no apparent history of the disorder in their family. in rare cases, the condition has been reported to occur in a few members of the same family, but the inheritance pattern is unknown.
what are the treatments for alcohol use and older adults ? <sep> older people with alcohol problems respond to treatment as well as younger people. some studies suggest that older adults do better when they are treated with other people the same age instead of mixed in with younger adults. some communities have treatment programs and support groups specifically for older adults.
what are the treatments for lung cancer ? <sep> researchers are working to develop drugs called "molecularly targeted agents" which kill cancer cells by targeting key molecules involved in cancer cell growth.
what causes granuloma annulare ? <sep> what causes granuloma annulare? the cause of granuloma annulare is unknown, although there is much evidence that it is linked to the immune system. it has been reported to follow insect bites; sun exposure; tuberculin skin tests, ingestion of allopurinol; trauma; and viral infections, including epstein-barr, hiv, hepatitis c, and herpes zoster. occasionally, granuloma annulare may be associated with diabetes or thyroid disease.
is alkaptonuria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for baraitser-winter syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of baraitser-winter syndrome: - gene review: gene review: baraitser-winter cerebrofrontofacial syndrome - genetic testing registry: baraitser-winter syndrome 2 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by wolfram syndrome ? <sep> the estimated prevalence of wolfram syndrome type 1 is 1 in 500,000 people worldwide. approximately 200 cases have been described in the scientific literature. only a few families from jordan have been found to have wolfram syndrome type 2.
what is the outlook for colpocephaly ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with colpocephaly depends on the severity of the associated conditions and the degree of abnormal brain development. some children benefit from special education.
how many people are affected by swyer syndrome ? <sep> swyer syndrome occurs in approximately 1 in 80,000 people.
what are the treatments for mucolipidosis type iv ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mucolipidosis type iv: - gene review: gene review: mucolipidosis iv - genetic testing registry: ganglioside sialidase deficiency - medlineplus encyclopedia: gastrin these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by menkes syndrome ? <sep> the incidence of menkes syndrome and occipital horn syndrome is estimated to be 1 in 100,000 newborns.
is deoxyguanosine kinase deficiency inherited ? <sep> deoxyguanosine kinase deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. in most cases, the parents of an individual with this condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by langer-giedion syndrome ? <sep> langer-giedion syndrome is a rare condition; its incidence is unknown.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for striatonigral degeneration ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on disorders of the brain and nervous system such as striatonigral degeneration. this research focuses on finding ways to prevent and treat these disorders.
is complement factor i deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
who is at risk for kidney stones in adults? ? <sep> anyone can get a kidney stone, but some people are more likely to get one. men are affected more often than women, and kidney stones are more common in non-hispanic white people than in non-hispanic black people and mexican americans. overweight and obese people are more likely to get a kidney stone than people of normal weight. in the united states, 8.8 percent of the population, or one in 11 people, have had a kidney stone.2
how many people are affected by autosomal recessive primary microcephaly ? <sep> the prevalence of all forms of microcephaly that are present from birth (primary microcephaly) ranges from 1 in 30,000 to 1 in 250,000 newborns worldwide. about 200 families with mcph have been reported in the medical literature. this condition is more common in several specific populations, such as in northern pakistan, where it affects an estimated 1 in 10,000 newborns.
what is (are) skin cancer ? <sep> when the cancer spreads from its original tumor location in the skin to another part of the body such as the brain, it is called metastatic skin cancer. it is not the same as a cancer that started in the brain (brain cancer). doctors sometimes call this "distant" disease.
how many people are affected by crouzon syndrome ? <sep> crouzon syndrome is seen in about 16 per million newborns. it is the most common craniosynostosis syndrome.
is dilated cardiomyopathy with ataxia syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for primary gastrointestinal melanoma ? <sep> how might primary melanoma of the small intestine be treated? treatment of primary melanoma of the small intestine often involves the surgical resection of the tumor. we encourage you to speak with your healthcare provider to learn more about your surgical and other treatment options.
how to diagnose what i need to know about hepatitis a ? <sep> a blood test will show if you have hepatitis a. blood tests are done at a doctors office or outpatient facility. a blood sample is taken using a needle inserted into a vein in your arm or hand. the blood sample is sent to a lab to test for hepatitis a.
is diastrophic dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for adrenoleukodystrophy ? <sep> prognosis for patients with childhood cerebral x-ald is generally poor due to progressive neurological deterioration unless bone marrow transplantation is performed early. death usually occurs within 1 to 10 years after the onset of symptoms. adult-onset amn will progress over decades.
how many people are affected by dopamine transporter deficiency syndrome ? <sep> dopamine transporter deficiency syndrome appears to be a rare disease; only about 20 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature. researchers believe that the condition is probably underdiagnosed because its signs and symptoms overlap with cerebral palsy and other movement disorders.
what are the complications of paget's disease of bone ? <sep> over time, paget's disease may lead to other medical conditions, including arthritis, headaches, hearing loss, and nervous system problems, depending on which bones are affected. on very rare occasions, paget's disease is associated with the development of osteosarcoma, a type of bone cancer. less than one percent of patients have this complication.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for opsoclonus myoclonus ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on movement disorders such as opsoclonus myoclonus. these studies are aimed at increasing knowledge about these disorders and finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
what is the outlook for brachial plexus injuries ? <sep> the site and type of brachial plexus injury determines the prognosis. for avulsion and rupture injuries, there is no potential for recovery unless surgical reconnection is made in a timely manner. the potential for recovery varies for neuroma and neuropraxia injuries. most individuals with neuropraxia injuries recover spontaneously with a 90-100% return of function.
how many people are affected by multicentric osteolysis, nodulosis, and arthropathy ? <sep> mona is rare; its prevalence is unknown. this condition has been reported in multiple populations worldwide.
how many people are affected by dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa ? <sep> considered together, the incidence of all types of dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa is estimated to be 6.5 per million newborns in the united states. the severe autosomal recessive forms of this disorder affect fewer than 1 per million newborns.
is dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans inherited ? <sep> dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans results from a new mutation that occurs in the body's cells after conception and is found only in the tumor cells. this type of genetic change is called a somatic mutation and is generally not inherited.
what is (are) parasites - cysticercosis ? <sep> cysticercosis is an infection caused by the larvae of the parasite taenia solium. this infection occurs after a person swallows tapeworm eggs. the larvae get into tissues such as muscle and brain, and form cysts there (these are called cysticerci). when cysts are found in the brain, the condition is called neurocysticercosis.
what is (are) hepatocellular carcinoma, childhood ? <sep> hepatocellular carcinoma, childhood is a rare type of cancer of the liver that affects children. symptoms may include a mass in the abdomen, swollen abdomen, abdominal pain, weight loss, poor appetite, jaundice, vomiting, fever, itchy skin, anemia, and back pain. treatment options may vary depending on a variety of factors including the stage of the cancer.
who is at risk for testicular cancer? ? <sep> testicular cancer is the most common cancer in men aged 15 to 34 years. testicular cancer is very rare, but it is the most common cancer found in men between the ages of 15 and 34. white men are four times more likely than black men to have testicular cancer
how many people are affected by dyserythropoietic anemia and thrombocytopenia ? <sep> dyserythropoietic anemia and thrombocytopenia is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. occasionally, individuals with this disorder are mistakenly diagnosed as having more common blood disorders, making it even more difficult to determine how many people have dyserythropoietic anemia and thrombocytopenia.
what is (are) hereditary elliptocytosis ? <sep> hereditary elliptocytosis refers to a group of inherited blood conditions where the red blood cells are abnormally shaped. symptoms can include fatigue, shortness of breath, gallstones, and yellowing of the skin and eyes (jaundice). affected individuals can also have an enlarged spleen. treatment is usually not necessary unless severe anemia occurs. surgery to remove the spleen may decrease the rate of red blood cell damage.
is iron-refractory iron deficiency anemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by refsum disease ? <sep> the prevalence of refsum disease is unknown, although the condition is thought to be uncommon.
is coffin-siris syndrome inherited ? <sep> coffin-siris syndrome appears to follow an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. however, the condition is not usually inherited from an affected parent, but occurs from new (de novo) mutations in the gene that likely occur during early embryonic development.
what is the outlook for orthostatic hypotension ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with orthostatic hypotension depends on the underlying cause of the condition.
what are the treatments for smith-lemli-opitz syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of smith-lemli-opitz syndrome: - gene review: gene review: smith-lemli-opitz syndrome - genetic testing registry: smith-lemli-opitz syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the genetic changes related to muenke syndrome ? <sep> mutations in the fgfr3 gene cause muenke syndrome. the fgfr3 gene provides instructions for making a protein that is involved in the development and maintenance of bone and brain tissue. a single mutation in the fgfr3 gene is responsible for muenke syndrome. this mutation causes the fgfr3 protein to be overly active, which interferes with normal bone growth and allows the bones of the skull to fuse before they should.
what is the outlook for krabbe disease ? <sep> krabbe disease in infants is generally fatal before age 2. individuals with a later onset form of the disease generally have a milder course of the disease and live significantly longer.
what is (are) parkinson's disease ? <sep> dopamine is a brain chemical messenger, or neurotransmitter. it is responsible for transmitting signals between a brain region called the substantia nigra and multiple brain regions. the connection between the substantia nigra and the corpus striatum is critical to produce smooth, purposeful movement. loss of dopamine results in abnormal nerve-firing patterns within the brain that cause impaired movement.
is prekallikrein deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for kennedy's disease ? <sep> kennedy's disease is slowly progressive. individuals tend to remain ambulatory until late in the disease, although some may be wheelchair-bound during later stages. the life span of individuals with kennedy's disease is usually normal.
is 3mc syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for whiplash ? <sep> treatment for individuals with whiplash may include pain medications, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, antidepressants, muscle relaxants, and a cervical collar (usually worn for 2 to 3 weeks). range of motion exercises, physical therapy, and cervical traction may also be prescribed. supplemental heat application may relieve muscle tension.
what are the treatments for landau-kleffner syndrome ? <sep> treatment for lks usually consists of medications, such as anticonvulsants and corticosteroids, and speech therapy, which should be started early. a controversial treatment option involves a surgical technique called multiple subpial transection in which the pathways of abnormal electrical brain activity are severed
how many people are affected by galactosemia ? <sep> classic galactosemia occurs in 1 in 30,000 to 60,000 newborns. galactosemia type ii and type iii are less common; type ii probably affects fewer than 1 in 100,000 newborns and type iii appears to be very rare.
how many people are affected by bannayan-riley-ruvalcaba syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of bannayan-riley-ruvalcaba syndrome is unknown, although it appears to be rare. several dozen cases have been reported in the medical literature. researchers suspect that the disorder is underdiagnosed because its signs and symptoms vary and some of them are subtle.
how many people are affected by c3 glomerulopathy ? <sep> c3 glomerulopathy is very rare, affecting 1 to 2 per million people worldwide. it is equally common in men and women.
is congenital contractural arachnodactyly inherited ? <sep> how is congenital contractural arachnodactyly inherited? this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from an affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is paramyotonia congenita inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in many cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
how many people are affected by tietz syndrome ? <sep> tietz syndrome is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown. only a few affected families have been described in the medical literature.
who is at risk for marfan syndrome? ? <sep> people at highest risk for marfan syndrome are those who have a family history of the condition. if you have marfan syndrome, you have a 50 percent chance of passing the altered gene to each of your children. marfan syndrome affects about 1 out of every 5,000 people in the united states. men, women, and children, and people of all races, can have the condition.
how many people are affected by adcy5-related dyskinesia ? <sep> the prevalence of adcy5-related dyskinesia is unknown. at least 50 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
what causes reticulohistiocytoma ? <sep> what causes reticulohistiocytoma? while it is known that reticulohistiocytoma (rh) develop due to a rapid production of immune cells (histiocytes) in the skin or soft tissues, the cause of this process is not currently known.
how many people are affected by renpenning syndrome ? <sep> renpenning syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. more than 60 affected individuals in at least 15 families have been identified.
what causes cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis ? <sep> what causes cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis? cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis is caused by mutations in the cyp27a1 gene. this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern.
what are the treatments for hypochromic microcytic anemia with iron overload ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hypochromic microcytic anemia with iron overload: - genetic testing registry: hypochromic microcytic anemia with iron overload these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for developmental dyspraxia ? <sep> treatment is symptomatic and supportive and may include occupational and speech therapy, and "cueing" or other forms of communication such as using pictures and hand gestures. many children with the disorder require special education.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for binswanger's disease ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) conducts research related to bd in its laboratories at the national institutes of health (nih), and also supports additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure neurological disorders, such as bd.
how many people are affected by ohdo syndrome, say-barber-biesecker-young-simpson variant ? <sep> the sbbys variant of ohdo syndrome is estimated to occur in fewer than 1 per million people. at least 19 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
is netherton syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by hereditary cerebral amyloid angiopathy ? <sep> the prevalence of hereditary cerebral amyloid angiopathy is unknown. the dutch type is the most common, with over 200 affected individuals reported in the scientific literature.
what is the outlook for learning disabilities ? <sep> learning disabilities can be lifelong conditions. in some people, several overlapping learning disabilities may be apparent. other people may have a single, isolated learning problem that has little impact on their lives.
who is at risk for biliary atresia? ? <sep> biliary atresia is rare and only affects about one out of every 18,000 infants.1 the disease is more common in females, premature babies, and children of asian or african american heritage.
what are the treatments for myotonia ? <sep> treatment for myotonia may include mexiletine, quinine, phenytoin, and other anticonvulsant drugs. physical therapy and other rehabilitative measures may help muscle function.
what are the treatments for gum (periodontal) disease ? <sep> if left untreated, gum disease can lead to tooth loss. gum disease is the leading cause of tooth loss in older adults.
what are the treatments for potassium-aggravated myotonia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of potassium-aggravated myotonia: - genetic testing registry: potassium aggravated myotonia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is beare-stevenson cutis gyrata syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. all reported cases have resulted from new mutations in the gene, and occurred in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what to do for urinary incontinence in children ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing ui in children, though ensuring sufficient fluid intake throughout the day and avoiding caffeine intake may be helpful.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for spinal cord infarction ? <sep> ninds conducts and supports research on disorders of the spinal cord such as spinal cord infarction, aimed at learning more about these disorders and finding ways to prevent and treat them.
what are the treatments for biotin-thiamine-responsive basal ganglia disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of biotin-thiamine-responsive basal ganglia disease: - gene review: gene review: biotin-thiamine-responsive basal ganglia disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis ? <sep> the prevalence of late-infantile ncl is unknown. collectively, all forms of ncl affect an estimated 1 in 100,000 individuals worldwide. ncls are more common in finland, where approximately 1 in 12,500 individuals are affected.
how to prevent glaucoma ? <sep> at this time, we do not know how to prevent glaucoma. however, studies have shown that the early detection and treatment of glaucoma, before it causes major vision loss, is the best way to control the disease. so, if you fall into one of the higher risk groups for the disease, make sure to have a comprehensive dilated eye exam at least once every one to two years. get tips on finding an eye care professional. learn what a comprehensive dilated eye exam involves.
what is the outlook for leigh's disease ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with leigh's disease is poor. individuals who lack mitochondrial complex iv activity and those with pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency tend to have the worst prognosis and die within a few years. those with partial deficiencies have a better prognosis, and may live to be 6 or 7 years of age. some have survived to their mid-teenage years.
how many people are affected by familial male-limited precocious puberty ? <sep> familial male-limited precocious puberty is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
is baraitser-winter syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is described as autosomal dominant, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. the condition almost always results from new (de novo) mutations in the actb or actg1 gene and occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for tularemia ? <sep> how is tularemia treated? the goal of treatment is to cure the infection with antibiotics. streptomycin and tetracycline are commonly used to treat this infection. once daily gentamycin treatment has been tried with excellent results as an alternative therapy to streptomycin. however, only a few cases have been studied to date. tetracycline and chloramphenicol can be used alone, but they are not considered a first-line treatment.
how many people are affected by romano-ward syndrome ? <sep> romano-ward syndrome is the most common form of inherited long qt syndrome, affecting an estimated 1 in 7,000 people worldwide. the disorder may actually be more common than this estimate, however, because some people never experience any symptoms associated with arrhythmia and therefore may not have been diagnosed.
who is at risk for sickle cell disease? ? <sep> in the united states, most people with sickle cell disease (scd) are of african ancestry or identify themselves as black. about 1 in 13 african american babies is born with sickle cell trait. about 1 in every 365 black children is born with sickle cell disease. there are also many people with this disease who come from hispanic, southern european, middle eastern, or asian indian backgrounds. approximately 100,000 americans have scd.
how many people are affected by rubinstein-taybi syndrome ? <sep> this condition is uncommon; it occurs in an estimated 1 in 100,000 to 125,000 newborns.
is 21-hydroxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by spondylocarpotarsal synostosis syndrome ? <sep> spondylocarpotarsal synostosis syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. at least 25 affected individuals have been identified.
is knobloch syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is char syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases may result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is myhre syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for propionic acidemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of propionic acidemia: - baby's first test - gene review: gene review: propionic acidemia - genetic testing registry: propionic acidemia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for antiphospholipid syndrome ? <sep> the main goal of treatment is to thin the blood to reduce clotting. at present, the recommended treatment is low-dose aspirin. for individuals who have already had a stroke or experience recurrent clots, doctors recommend treatment with the anticoagulant warfarin. pregnant women are treated with either aspirin or another anticoagulant -- heparin -- since warfarin can cause birth defects.
what is (are) dry mouth ? <sep> for information about the clinical trial on this topic, visit: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct/show/nct00372320?order=1. if you would like to read an interview with dr. bruce baum, the study's principal investigator, click on: http://www.nidcr.nih.gov/research/ researchresults/interviewsohr/tis032007.htm.
what causes hairy tongue ? <sep> what causes hairy tongue? the exact cause is unknown; however, smoking, alcohol, dehydration, use of antibiotics, low saliva production, trigeminal neuralgia, poor oral hygiene and cranial radiation therapy have shown to bring about hairy tongue.
what are the symptoms of rickets ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of rickets? the signs and symptoms of rickets include: bone pain or tenderness bowed (curved) legs large forehead stunted growth abnormally curved spine large abdomen abnormally shaped ribs and breastbone wide wrist and elbow joints teeth abnormalities
what are the treatments for 1p36 deletion syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 1p36 deletion syndrome: - gene review: gene review: 1p36 deletion syndrome - genetic testing registry: chromosome 1p36 deletion syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by early-onset glaucoma ? <sep> primary congenital glaucoma affects approximately 1 in 10,000 people. its frequency is higher in the middle east. juvenile open-angle glaucoma affects about 1 in 50,000 people. primary open-angle glaucoma is much more common after the age of 40, affecting about 1 percent of the population worldwide.
is schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia inherited ? <sep> mutations in the smarcal1 gene are inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means that an increased risk of schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia results from mutations in both copies of the smarcal1 gene in each cell. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the symptoms of kidney dysplasia ? <sep> many babies with kidney dysplasia in only one kidney have no signs of the condition. in some cases, the affected kidney may be enlarged at birth and may cause pain.
what are the treatments for weyers acrofacial dysostosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of weyers acrofacial dysostosis: - genetic testing registry: curry-hall syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by periventricular heterotopia ? <sep> periventricular heterotopia is a rare condition. its incidence is unknown.
is naegeli-franceschetti-jadassohn syndrome/dermatopathia pigmentosa reticularis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what is the outlook for agnosia ? <sep> agnosia can compromise quality of life.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for fahr's syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on neurogenetic disorders such as fahr's syndrome. the goals of this research are to locate and understand the actions of the genes involved in this disorder. finding these genes could lead to effective ways to treat and prevent fahr's syndrome.
what are the treatments for small fiber neuropathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of small fiber neuropathy: - genetic testing registry: small fiber neuropathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for niemann-pick disease ? <sep> infants with type a die in infancy. children with type b may live a comparatively long time, but may require supplemental oxygen because of lung impairment. the life expectancy of persons with type c varies: some individuals die in childhood while others who appear to be less severely affected can live into adulthood.
how many people are affected by anxiety disorders ? <sep> studies estimate that anxiety disorders affect around 15 percent of older adults in a given year. more women than men experience anxiety disorders. they tend to be less common among older adults than younger adults. but developing an anxiety disorder late in life is not a normal part of aging.
what are the treatments for what i need to know about gestational diabetes ? <sep> treating gestational diabetes means taking steps to keep your blood glucose levels in a target range. targets are numbers you aim for. your doctor will help you set your targets. you will learn how to control your blood glucose using - healthy eating - physical activity - insulin shots, if needed
what are the treatments for paget's disease of bone ? <sep> yes. some complications from paget's disease respond well to surgery. joint replacement may be helpful in people with severe arthritis of the hip or knee. surgery can also realign affected leg bones to reduce pain or help broken bones heal in a better position.
how many people are affected by 5q minus syndrome ? <sep> mds affects nearly 1 in 20,000 people in the united states. it is thought that 5q- syndrome accounts for 15 percent of mds cases. unlike other forms of mds, which occur more frequently in men than women, 5q- syndrome is more than twice as common in women.
is thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura inherited ? <sep> the familial form of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition. the acquired form of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura is not inherited.
what is the outlook for tropical spastic paraparesis ? <sep> ham/tsp is a progressive disease, but it is rarely fatal. most individuals live for several decades after the diagnosis. their prognosis improves if they take steps to prevent urinary tract infection and skin sores, and if they participate in physical and occupational therapy programs.
is popliteal pterygium syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are marine toxins? <sep> marine toxins are naturally occurring chemicals that can contaminate certain seafood. the seafood contaminated with these chemicals frequently looks, smells, and tastes normal. when humans eat such seafood, disease can result.
how many people are affected by cystinosis ? <sep> cystinosis affects approximately 1 in 100,000 to 200,000 newborns worldwide. the incidence is higher in the province of brittany, france, where the disorder affects 1 in 26,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by maternally inherited diabetes and deafness ? <sep> about 1 percent of people with diabetes have midd. the condition is most common in the japanese population and has been found in populations worldwide.
how many people are affected by neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus ? <sep> neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus is thought to be rare, although its exact incidence is unknown. the acquired form occurs much more frequently than the familial form.
how to diagnose geniospasm ? <sep> how might hereditary geniospasm be diagnosed? although we were unable to locate laboratories offering genetic testing for hereditary geniospasm, the condition can be diagnosed on the basis of a clinical evaluation performed by a health care professional such as a neurologist who specializes in movement disorders.
is dentinogenesis imperfecta inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
how many people are affected by limb-girdle muscular dystrophy ? <sep> it is difficult to determine the prevalence of limb-girdle muscular dystrophy because its features vary and overlap with those of other muscle disorders. prevalence estimates range from 1 in 14,500 to 1 in 123,000 individuals.
what is the outlook for tourette syndrome ? <sep> although ts can be a chronic condition with symptoms lasting a lifetime, most people with the condition experience their worst symptoms in their early teens, with improvement occurring in the late teens and continuing into adulthood. as a result, some individuals may actually become symptom free or no longer need medication for tic suppression.
is 5q minus syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is generally not inherited but arises from a mutation in the body's cells that occurs after conception. this alteration is called a somatic mutation. affected people typically have no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome ? <sep> how might the the itching associated with cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome be treated? xerosis (dry skin) and pruritus (itching) associated with cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome may be relieved by increasing the amount of moisture in the air or by using hydrating lotions. if signs of infection develop, treatment with antibiotics may be necessary.
is paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria inherited ? <sep> this condition is acquired, rather than inherited. it results from new mutations in the piga gene, and generally occurs in people with no previous history of the disorder in their family. the condition is not passed down to children of affected individuals.
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> cholesterol can build up in the walls of your arteries. this buildup of cholesterol is called plaque. over time, the plaque can build up so much that the arteries become narrower. this is called atherosclerosis, or hardening of the arteries. it can slow down or block the flow of blood to your heart.
how many people are affected by alstrm syndrome ? <sep> more than 900 people with alstrm syndrome have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by glutamate formiminotransferase deficiency ? <sep> glutamate formiminotransferase deficiency is a rare disorder; approximately 20 affected individuals have been identified. of these, about one-quarter have the severe form of the disorder. everyone reported with the severe form has been of japanese origin. the remaining individuals, who come from a variety of ethnic backgrounds, are affected by the mild form of the condition.
how many people are affected by legg-calv-perthes disease ? <sep> the incidence of legg-calv-perthes disease varies by population. the condition is most common in white populations, in which it affects an estimated 1 to 3 in 20,000 children under age 15.
what are the treatments for miller-dieker syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of miller-dieker syndrome: - gene review: gene review: lis1-associated lissencephaly/subcortical band heterotopia - genetic testing registry: miller dieker syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by junctional epidermolysis bullosa ? <sep> both types of junctional epidermolysis bullosa are rare, affecting fewer than 1 per million people in the united states.
is multiple lentigines syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is 3-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for histidinemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of histidinemia: - genetic testing registry: histidinemia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for melkersson-rosenthal syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research on neurological disorders such as melkersson-rosenthal syndrome. much of this research is aimed at increasing knowledge of these disorders and finding ways to treat, prevent, and ultimately cure them.
how many people are affected by intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy ? <sep> intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy is estimated to affect 1 percent of women of northern european ancestry. the condition is more common in certain populations, such as women of araucanian indian ancestry in chile or women of scandinavian ancestry. this condition is found less frequently in other populations.
what are the treatments for cyclic neutropenia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cyclic neutropenia: - gene review: gene review: elane-related neutropenia - genetic testing registry: cyclical neutropenia - seattle children's hospital these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes prune belly syndrome ? <sep> what causes prune belly syndrome? the underlying cause of prune belly syndrome is unknown. the condition may occur if there is a blockage preventing the flow of urine through the urinary tract. the blockage can cause the urine to flow back into the bladder, enlarging it.
is muenke syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for camurati-engelmann disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of camurati-engelmann disease: - gene review: gene review: camurati-engelmann disease - genetic testing registry: diaphyseal dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to diagnose scot deficiency ? <sep> how is scot deficiency diagnosed? diagnosis of scot deficiency is made in people showing the signs and symptoms of the condition and who have absent or reduced scot enzyme activity.
is sepiapterin reductase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by critical congenital heart disease ? <sep> heart defects are the most common type of birth defect, accounting for more than 30 percent of all infant deaths due to birth defects. cchd represents some of the most serious types of heart defects. about 7,200 newborns, or 18 per 10,000, in the united states are diagnosed with cchd each year.
what are the treatments for ring chromosome 20 syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ring chromosome 20 syndrome: - genetic testing registry: ring chromosome 20 syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: chromosome - medlineplus encyclopedia: epilepsy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) parasites - lymphatic filariasis ? <sep> frequently asked questions (faqs) vector information
is saddan inherited ? <sep> saddan is considered an autosomal dominant disorder because one mutated copy of the fgfr3 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the condition. the few described cases of saddan have been caused by new mutations in the fgfr3 gene and occurred in people with no history of the disorder in their family. no individuals with this disorder are known to have had children; therefore, the disorder has not been passed to the next generation.
how many people are affected by mitochondrial membrane protein-associated neurodegeneration ? <sep> mpan is a rare condition that is estimated to affect less than 1 in 1 million people.
how to diagnose langerhans cell histiocytosis ? <sep> how is langerhans cell histiocytosis diagnosed? testing for langerhans cell histiocytosis (lch) may include bronchoscopy with biopsy, x-ray, skin biopsy, bone marrow biopsy, complete blood count, and pulmonary function tests. because lch is sometimes associated with cancer, ct scans and a biopsy may be done to rule out possible cancer. additional information about the diagnosis of lch can be viewed on the histiocytosis association's website.
is manitoba oculotrichoanal syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for lennox-gastaut syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with lennox-gastaut syndrome varies. there is no cure for the disorder. complete recovery, including freedom from seizures and normal development, is very unusual.
what are the treatments for hydranencephaly ? <sep> how might hydranencephaly be treated? unfortunately, there is no definitive treatment for hydranencephaly. management of the condition typically focuses on the specific signs and symptoms present in the affected individual and is mostly supportive. hydrocephalus (the buildup of too much cerebral spinal fluid in the brain) may be treated with a shunt (a surgically implanted tube that helps to drain fluid from the brain).
how many people are affected by bietti crystalline dystrophy ? <sep> bietti crystalline dystrophy has been estimated to occur in 1 in 67,000 people. it is more common in people of east asian descent, especially those of chinese and japanese background. researchers suggest that bietti crystalline dystrophy may be underdiagnosed because its symptoms are similar to those of other eye disorders that progressively damage the retina.
how many people are affected by surfactant dysfunction ? <sep> one type of surfactant dysfunction, sp-b deficiency, is estimated to occur in 1 in 1 million newborns worldwide. the prevalence of surfactant dysfunction due to other causes is unknown.
who is at risk for hemolytic anemia? ? <sep> hemolytic anemia can affect people of all ages and races and both sexes. some types of hemolytic anemia are more likely to occur in certain populations than others. for example, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) deficiency mostly affects males of african or mediterranean descent. in the united states, the condition is more common among african americans than caucasians. in the united states, sickle cell anemia mainly affects african americans.
how many people are affected by intranuclear rod myopathy ? <sep> intranuclear rod myopathy is a rare disorder that has been identified in only a small number of individuals. its exact prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ? <sep> how might progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (pml) be treated? currently, the best available therapy is reversal of the immune-deficient state. this can sometimes be accomplished by alteration of chemotherapy or immunosuppression. in the case of hiv-associated pml, immediately beginning anti-retroviral therapy will benefit most individuals.
who is at risk for smoking and the digestive system? ? <sep> smoking has been found to increase the risk of cancers of the3 - mouth - esophagus - stomach - pancreas 3 , 4 , 5 - liver - colon - rectum more information about the link between smoking and cancers of the digestive system can be found on the national cancer institute website at www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/tobacco/smoking.
is cohen syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is benign familial neonatal seizures inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. a few cases result from new mutations in the kcnq2 gene. these cases occur in people with no history of benign familial neonatal seizures in their family.
what are the treatments for warfarin sensitivity ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of warfarin sensitivity: - food and drug administration medication guide - medlineplus drugs & supplements: warfarin - my46 trait profile - pharmgkb - warfarindosing.org these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for cerebellar degeneration ? <sep> the ninds funds research to find the genes involved in diseases that cause cerebellar degeneration. discovering these genes, identifying their mutations, and understanding how the abnormal proteins they produce cause cerebellar degeneration may eventually help scientists find ways to prevent, treat, and even cure the diseases that involve cerebellar degeneration.
is lama2-related muscular dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes psoriasis ? <sep> although the cause of psoriasis is not completely understood, scientists believe it is related to a problem with a type of blood cells called t cells. these cells normally travel through the bloodstream to help fight an infection, but in people with psoriasis, they attack the bodys skin cells by mistake.
is narcolepsy inherited ? <sep> most cases of narcolepsy are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. a small percentage of all cases have been reported to run in families; however, the condition does not have a clear pattern of inheritance. first-degree relatives (parents, siblings, and children) of people with narcolepsy with cataplexy have a 40 times greater risk of developing the condition compared with people in the general population.
how many people are affected by darier disease ? <sep> the worldwide prevalence of darier disease is unknown. the prevalence of darier disease is estimated to be 1 in 30,000 people in scotland, 1 in 36,000 people in northern england, and 1 in 100,000 people in denmark.
what are the treatments for limbic encephalitis ? <sep> what treatment is available for limbic encephalitis? treatment will vary depending on whether the patient has a paraneoplastic form of limbic encephalitis or not. if the patient has a viral infectious form of the condition, an antiviral drug may be prescribed. when a tumor is found in association with a possible paraneoplastic disorder, removal of the tumor and immunotherapy may be offered.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for parry-romberg ? <sep> the ninds supports research on neurological disorders such as parry-romberg syndrome with the goal of finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
how many people are affected by chronic granulomatous disease ? <sep> chronic granulomatous disease is estimated to occur in 1 in 200,000 to 250,000 people worldwide.
is atelosteogenesis type 1 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. almost all cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what is (are) skin cancer ? <sep> the body is made up of many types of cells. normally, cells grow, divide, and produce more cells as needed to keep the body healthy. sometimes, the process goes wrong. cells become abnormal and form more cells in an uncontrolled way. these extra cells form a mass of tissue, called a growth or tumor. tumors can be benign, which means not cancerous, or malignant, which means cancerous.
who is at risk for polycythemia vera? ? <sep> polycythemia vera (pv) is a rare blood disease. the disease affects people of all ages, but it's most common in adults who are older than 60. pv is rare in children and young adults. men are at slightly higher risk for pv than women.
what is (are) chester porphyria ? <sep> chester porphyria is a unique type of porphyria with the signs and symptoms of acute intermittent porphyria (aip) and the biochemical defects of both aip and variegate porphyria (vp). chester porphyria does not conform to any of the recognized types of acute porphyria. the symptoms associated with chester porphyria are similar to those observed in other acute porphyrias. treatment is symptomatic.
what causes benign rolandic epilepsy (bre) ? <sep> what causes benign rolandic epilepsy? benign rolandic epilepsy is a genetic syndrome with an autosomal dominant mode of inheritance. although the gene associated with the condition has not been identified, neubauer et al. (1998) found evidence of linkage to chromosome 15q. juvenile myoclonic epilepsy has been mapped to the same region.
what are the symptoms of sialadenitis ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of sialadenitis? signs and symptoms of sialadenitis may include fever, chills, and unilateral pain and swelling in the affected area. the affected gland may be firm and tender, with redness of the overlying skin. pus may drain through the gland into the mouth.
is juvenile hyaline fibromatosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by familial hypobetalipoproteinemia ? <sep> fhbl is estimated to occur in 1 in 1,000 to 3,000 individuals.
is laing distal myopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. a small percentage of cases result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how to diagnose alzheimer's disease ? <sep> an early, accurate diagnosis of alzheimer's disease helps people and their families plan for the future. it gives them time to discuss care options, find support, and make legal and financial arrangements while the person with alzheimers can still take part in making decisions. also, even though no medicine or other treatment can stop or slow the disease, early diagnosis offers the best chance to treat the symptoms.
how many people are affected by neuromyelitis optica ? <sep> neuromyelitis optica affects approximately 1 to 2 per 100,000 people worldwide. women are affected by this condition more frequently than men.
is mucopolysaccharidosis type i inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by coffin-siris syndrome ? <sep> coffin-siris syndrome is a rare condition that is diagnosed in females more frequently than in males. approximately 140 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for striatonigral degeneration ? <sep> there is no cure for striatonigral degeneration, and treatments for the disorder have variable success. treatments used for parkinson's disease are recommended. however, unlike parkinson's disease, striatonigral degeneration is not responsive to levodopa. dopamine and anticholinergics provide some benefit. generally, treatment is reevaluated as the disorder progresses.
what causes pigmented purpuric eruption ? <sep> what causes pigmented purpuric eruption? the cause of pigmented purpuric eruption is unknown. occasionally, it occurs as a reaction to a medication, food additive, viral infection or following exercise. in rare cases, there appears to be a genetic component.
what are the symptoms of gamma heavy chain disease ? <sep> what are the symptoms of gamma heavy chain disease? the severity of symptoms varies widely among people with gamma heavy chain disease. symptoms include, fever, mild anemia, difficulty swallowing (dysphagia), recurrent upper respiratory infections, and enlarged liver and spleen (hepatosplenomegaly).
what are the treatments for age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> once dry amd reaches the advanced stage, no form of treatment can prevent vision loss. however, treatment can delay and possibly prevent intermediate amd from progressing to the advanced stage, in which vision loss occurs.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for erb-duchenne and dejerine-klumpke palsies ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on injuries to the nervous system such as brachial plexus injuries. much of this research is aimed at finding ways to prevent and treat these disorders.
how many people are affected by hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia ? <sep> hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia is thought to be a rare condition, but its prevalence is unknown.
what causes neonatal progeroid syndrome ? <sep> what causes neonatal progeroid syndrome? the exact underlying cause of neonatal progeroid syndrome is unknown. scientists suspect that it is a genetic condition; however, a disease-causing gene has not been identified.
what is the outlook for occipital neuralgia ? <sep> occipital neuralgia is not a life-threatening condition. many individuals will improve with therapy involving heat, rest, anti-inflammatory medications, and muscle relaxants. recovery is usually complete after the bout of pain has ended and the nerve damage repaired or lessened.
how many people are affected by multiple familial trichoepithelioma ? <sep> multiple familial trichoepithelioma is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
what are the symptoms of vesicoureteral reflux ? <sep> in many cases, a child with vur has no symptoms. when symptoms are present, the most common is a urinary tract infection (uti). vur can lead to infection because urine that remains in the childs urinary tract provides a place for bacteria to grow. studies estimate that 30 percent of children and up to 70 percent of infants with a uti have vur.2
how many people are affected by glutaric acidemia type i ? <sep> glutaric acidemia type i occurs in approximately 1 of every 30,000 to 40,000 individuals. it is much more common in the amish community and in the ojibwa population of canada, where up to 1 in 300 newborns may be affected.
what is (are) eisenmenger syndrome ? <sep> eisenmenger syndrome is a rare progressive heart condition caused by a structural error in the heart, typically a "hole in the heart" (ventricular septal defect) present at birth (congenital heart defect). this causes abnormal blood flow in the heart, resulting in high pressure within the pulmonary artery, the main blood vessel that connects the heart to the lungs (pulmonary hypertension).
how many people are affected by lujan syndrome ? <sep> lujan syndrome appears to be an uncommon condition, but its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by denys-drash syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of denys-drash syndrome is unknown; at least 150 affected individuals have been reported in the scientific literature.
what causes iridocorneal endothelial syndrome ? <sep> what causes iridocorneal endothelial (ice) syndrome? the cause of this disease is unknown. however, it has been theorized that a viral infection, such as herpes simplex virus (hsv) or epstein-barr virus (ebv) may be the trigger that causes the cornea to swell.
how many people are affected by acute promyelocytic leukemia ? <sep> acute promyelocytic leukemia accounts for about 10 percent of acute myeloid leukemia cases. acute promyelocytic leukemia occurs in approximately 1 in 250,000 people in the united states.
who is at risk for hairy cell leukemia? ? <sep> gender and age may affect the risk of hairy cell leukemia. anything that increases your chance of getting a disease is called a risk factor. having a risk factor does not mean that you will get cancer; not having risk factors doesnt mean that you will not get cancer. talk with your doctor if you think you may be at risk. the cause of hairy cell leukemia is unknown. it occurs more often in older men.
how many people are affected by charcot-marie-tooth disease ? <sep> charcot-marie-tooth disease is the most common inherited disorder that involves the peripheral nerves, affecting an estimated 150,000 people in the united states. it occurs in populations worldwide with a prevalence of about 1 in 2,500 individuals.
how many people are affected by pseudoxanthoma elasticum ? <sep> pxe affects approximately 1 in 50,000 people worldwide. for reasons that are unclear, this disorder is diagnosed twice as frequently in females as in males.
how many people are affected by thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ? <sep> the precise incidence of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura is unknown. researchers estimate that, depending on geographic location, the condition affects 1.7 to 11 per million people each year in the united states. for unknown reasons, the disorder occurs more frequently in women than in men. the acquired form of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura is much more common than the familial form.
what are the treatments for what i need to know about cirrhosis ? <sep> if too much scar tissue forms, your liver could fail. then you will need a liver transplant. a liver transplant can return you to good health. for information about liver transplantation, see the booklet what i need to know about liver transplantation from the national institute of diabetes and digestive and kidney diseases (niddk).
is kbg syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by prickle1-related progressive myoclonus epilepsy with ataxia ? <sep> the prevalence of prickle1-related progressive myoclonus epilepsy with ataxia is unknown. the condition has been reported in three large families from jordan and northern israel and in at least two unrelated individuals.
is galactosialidosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) parasites - toxocariasis (also known as roundworm infection) ? <sep> frequently asked questions (faqs) fact sheets
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for tabes dorsalis ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on neurodegenerative disorders, such as tabes dorsalis, in an effort to find ways to prevent, treat, and, ultimately, cure these disorders.
how many people are affected by familial lipoprotein lipase deficiency ? <sep> this condition affects about 1 per million people worldwide. it is much more common in certain areas of the province of quebec, canada.
what is (are) problems with smell ? <sep> smell is part of our chemical sensing system. our sense of smell is the ability to detect odors in our environment through our nose, like the fragrance of flowers or the smell of baking bread. smell is also the ability to detect food odors or aromas released in our mouths when we chew, which then flow from the roof of the throat region to the nose. congestion blocks this flow and impacts our appreciation of the flavor of food.
is succinate-coa ligase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for refsum disease ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) supports research related to adult refsum disease through grants to major research institutions across the country. research is focused on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure ard and other peroxisomal disorders.
is alg6-congenital disorder of glycosylation inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is celiac disease inherited ? <sep> celiac disease tends to cluster in families. parents, siblings, or children (first-degree relatives) of people with celiac disease have between a 4 and 15 percent chance of developing the disorder. however, the inheritance pattern is unknown.
what are the treatments for recombinant 8 syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of recombinant 8 syndrome: - genetic testing registry: recombinant chromosome 8 syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes nerve disease and bladder control ? <sep> many events or conditions can damage nerves and nerve pathways. some of the most common causes are - vaginal childbirth - infections of the brain or spinal cord - diabetes - stroke - accidents that injure the brain or spinal cord - multiple sclerosis - heavy metal poisoning in addition, some children are born with nerve problems that can keep the bladder from releasing urine, leading to urinary infections or kidney damage.
what are the treatments for netherton syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of netherton syndrome: - genetic testing registry: netherton syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is weissenbacher-zweymller syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for copd ? <sep> treatment for copd can be different for each person and is based on whether symptoms are mild, moderate or severe. treatments include medication, pulmonary or lung rehabilitation, oxygen treatment, and surgery. there are also treatments to manage complications or a sudden onset of symptoms.
what are the treatments for chorea-acanthocytosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of chorea-acanthocytosis: - gene review: gene review: chorea-acanthocytosis - genetic testing registry: choreoacanthocytosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the genetic changes related to crouzon syndrome ? <sep> mutations in the fgfr2 gene cause crouzon syndrome. this gene provides instructions for making a protein called fibroblast growth factor receptor 2. among its multiple functions, this protein signals immature cells to become bone cells during embryonic development. mutations in the fgfr2 gene probably overstimulate signaling by the fgfr2 protein, which causes the bones of the skull to fuse prematurely.
what are the treatments for dandy-walker malformation ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of dandy-walker malformation: - genetic testing registry: dandy-walker syndrome - national hydrocephalus foundation: treatment of hydrocephalus these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what to do for nephrotic syndrome in adults ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing nephrotic syndrome in adults. for people who have developed nephrotic syndrome, limiting intake of dietary sodium, often from salt, and fluid may be recommended to help reduce edema. a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol may also be recommended to help control hyperlipidemia.
what are the treatments for autosomal dominant hypocalcemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of autosomal dominant hypocalcemia: - genetic testing registry: autosomal dominant hypocalcemia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for dyslexia ? <sep> for those with dyslexia, the prognosis is mixed. the disability affects such a wide range of people and produces such different symptoms and varying degrees of severity that predictions are hard to make. the prognosis is generally good, however, for individuals whose dyslexia is identified early, who have supportive family and friends and a strong self-image, and who are involved in a proper remediation program.
what are the symptoms of adenocarcinoma of the appendix ? <sep> what are the symptoms of adenocarcinoma of the appendix? the most common clinical symptom is acute appendicitis. other symptoms include a palpable abdominal mass, ascites (fluid buildup), peritonitis (inflammation of the membrane lining the abdominal cavity) due to a perforated appendix, and non-specific gastrointestinal or genitourinary symptoms such as bloating, vague abdominal pain, and tenderness.
what is the outlook for periventricular leukomalacia ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with pvl depends upon the severity of the brain damage. some children exhibit fairly mild symptoms, while others have significant deficits and disabilities.
how many people are affected by paroxysmal extreme pain disorder ? <sep> paroxysmal extreme pain disorder is a rare condition; approximately 80 affected individuals have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by short-chain acyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> this disorder is thought to affect approximately 1 in 35,000 to 50,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by x-linked lissencephaly with abnormal genitalia ? <sep> the incidence of xlag is unknown; approximately 30 affected families have been described in the medical literature.
what is (are) harlequin ichthyosis ? <sep> harlequin ichthyosis is a severe genetic disorder that mainly affects the skin. the newborn infant is covered with plates of thick skin that crack and split apart. the thick plates can pull at and distort facial features and can restrict breathing and eating. mutations in the abca12 gene cause harlequin ichthyosis. this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern.
what are the treatments for kleefstra syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of kleefstra syndrome: - gene review: gene review: kleefstra syndrome - genetic testing registry: chromosome 9q deletion syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by mucopolysaccharidosis type i ? <sep> severe mps i occurs in approximately 1 in 100,000 newborns. attenuated mps i is less common and occurs in about 1 in 500,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis ? <sep> the prevalence of hftc is unknown, but it is thought to be a rare condition. it occurs most often in middle eastern and african populations.
how many people are affected by leber congenital amaurosis ? <sep> leber congenital amaurosis occurs in 2 to 3 per 100,000 newborns. it is one of the most common causes of blindness in children.
is boomerang dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. almost all cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what is (are) fowler's syndrome ? <sep> fowlers syndrome is characterized by urinary retention associated with abnormal electromyographic activity in young women in the absence of overt neurologic disease. some women with this syndrome have polycystic ovaries as well.
what is the outlook for central pain syndrome ? <sep> central pain syndrome is not a fatal disorder, but the syndrome causes disabling chronic pain and suffering among the majority of individuals who have it.
is hereditary angioedema inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for glass-chapman-hockley syndrome ? <sep> how might glass-chapman-hockley syndrome be treated? surgery is typically the treatment for craniosynostosis and is based on the person's specific signs and symptoms. the goal is to increase the space in the front (anterior) part of the skull. the operation is usually performed when the person is between 9 to 12 months of age. if other sutures, other than the coronal suture, are involved, other surgeries may be performed.
what are the treatments for familial mediterranean fever ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of familial mediterranean fever: - gene review: gene review: familial mediterranean fever - genetic testing registry: familial mediterranean fever these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for agnosia ? <sep> the ninds supports research on disorders of the brain such as agnosia with the goal of finding ways to prevent or cure them.
what to do for smoking and the digestive system ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition can play a role in causing, preventing, and treating some of the diseases and disorders of the digestive system that are affected by smoking, including heartburn and gerd, liver diseases, crohns disease, colon polyps, pancreatitis, and gallstones. more information about eating, diet, and nutrition and these conditions can be found on the digestive diseases a-z list.
what is (are) megalencephaly, polymicrogyria, and hydrocephalus (mpph) syndrome ? <sep> megalencephaly, polymicrogyria, and hydrocephalus (mpph) syndrome is a syndrome that is characterized by the presence of polymicrogyria, megalencephaly, mental retardation, seizures, polydactyly, and hydrocephalus. the cause of the condition is currently unknown.
is sudden infant death with dysgenesis of the testes syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is wagner syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for reye's syndrome ? <sep> much of the research on rs focuses on answering fundamental questions about the disorder such as how problems in the body's metabolism may trigger the nervous system damage characteristic of rs and what role aspirin plays in this life-threatening disorder. the ultimate goal of this research is to improve scientific understanding, diagnosis and medical treatment of rs.
is ornithine translocase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is liddle syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how to prevent alagille syndrome ? <sep> scientists have not yet found a way to prevent alagille syndrome. however, complications of the disorder can be managed with the help of health care providers. routine visits with a health care team are needed to prevent complications from becoming worse.
how many people are affected by spinocerebellar ataxia type 1 ? <sep> sca1 affects 1 to 2 per 100,000 people worldwide.
how many people are affected by freeman-sheldon syndrome ? <sep> freeman-sheldon syndrome is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for metachromatic leukodystrophy ? <sep> there is no cure for mld. bone marrow transplantation may delay progression of the disease in some infantile-onset cases. other treatment is symptomatic and supportive. considerable progress has been made with regard to gene therapy in an animal model of mld and in clinical trials.
is chediak-higashi syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by coffin-lowry syndrome ? <sep> the incidence of this condition is uncertain, but researchers estimate that the disorder affects 1 in 40,000 to 50,000 people.
how many people are affected by achondrogenesis ? <sep> achondrogenesis types 1a and 1b are rare genetic disorders; their incidence is unknown. combined, achondrogenesis type 2 and hypochondrogenesis (a similar skeletal disorder) occur in 1 in 40,000 to 60,000 newborns.
what causes esthesioneuroblastoma ? <sep> what causes esthestioneuroblastoma? the cause of esthesioneuroblastoma is currently unknown.
what is (are) peripheral arterial disease (p.a.d.) ? <sep> peripheral arterial disease (p.a.d.) is a disease in which plaque (plak) builds up in the arteries that carry blood to your head, organs, and limbs. plaque is made up of fat, cholesterol, calcium, fibrous tissue, and other substances in the blood. p.a.d. currently affects millions of americans, and about 1 in every 20 americans over the age of 50 has p.a.d.
how many people are affected by 1p36 deletion syndrome ? <sep> 1p36 deletion syndrome is believed to affect between 1 in 5,000 and 1 in 10,000 newborns. however, this may be an underestimate because some affected individuals are likely never diagnosed.
what is (are) yellow fever vaccination ? <sep> if you continue to live or travel in yellow fever-endemic areas, you should receive a booster dose of yellow fever vaccine after 10 years. after receiving the vaccine, you should receive an international certificate of vaccination (yellow card) that has been validated by the vaccination center. this certificate becomes valid 10 days after vaccination and lasts for 10 years. you will need this card as proof of vaccination to enter certain countries.
is castleman disease inherited ? <sep> is castleman disease inherited? although the exact underlying cause of castleman disease is unknown, it is thought to occur sporadically in people with no family history of the condition.
how many people are affected by retinal arterial macroaneurysm with supravalvular pulmonic stenosis ? <sep> ramsvps is a rare disorder. only a small number of affected individuals and families, all from saudi arabia, have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by williams syndrome ? <sep> williams syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 7,500 to 10,000 people.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for paroxysmal hemicrania ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) support research related to paroxysmal hemicrania through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure headache disorders such as paroxysmal hemicrania.
what is (are) parasites - schistosomiasis ? <sep> schistosomiasis, also known as bilharzia, is a disease caused by parasitic worms. infection with schistosoma mansoni, s. haematobium, and s. japonicum causes illness in humans; less commonly, s. mekongi and s. intercalatum can cause disease. although the worms that cause schistosomiasis are not found in the united states, more than 200 million people are infected worldwide.
how many people are affected by pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent epilepsy ? <sep> pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent epilepsy is a rare condition; approximately 14 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for warfarin resistance ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of warfarin resistance: - american society of hematology: antithrombotic therapy - medlineplus drugs & supplements: warfarin - pharmgkb these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to diagnose tietze syndrome ? <sep> how is tietze syndrome diagnosed? tietze syndrome is a diagnosis of exclusion. this means that a diagnosis is made in people with chest pain and swelling of the cartilage that joins the upper ribs to the breastbone (costochondral junction) after other conditions with similar signs and symptoms have been ruled out. a thorough physical exam and various tests (i.e. electrocardiogram, x-ray, ct scan) may be necessary to exclude other conditions.
what are the treatments for cephalic disorders ? <sep> treatments for cephalic disorders depend upon the particular type of disorder. for most cephalic disorders, treatment is only symptomatic and supportive. in some cases, anticonvulsant medications shunts, or physical therapy are appropriate.
is cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome inherited ? <sep> cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome is considered to be an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of an altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome usually results from new gene mutations and occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family. in a few reported cases, an affected person has inherited the condition from an affected parent.
what is the outlook for hereditary spastic paraplegia ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with hsp varies some individuals are very disabled and others have only mild disability. the majority of individuals with uncomplicated hsp have a normal life expectancy.
what are the treatments for gracile syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of gracile syndrome: - genetic testing registry: gracile syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: aminoaciduria - medlineplus encyclopedia: cholestasis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
who is at risk for glaucoma? ? <sep> encourage them to have a comprehensive dilated eye exam at least once every two years. remember -- lowering eye pressure in glaucoma's early stages slows progression of the disease and helps save vision. get tips on finding an eye care professional.
how many people are affected by dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> severe dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency, with its early-onset neurological symptoms, is a rare disorder. its prevalence is unknown. however, between 2 and 8 percent of the general population may be vulnerable to toxic reactions to fluoropyrimidine drugs caused by otherwise asymptomatic dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency.
what is the outlook for dysgraphia ? <sep> some individuals with dysgraphia improve their writing ability, but for others, the disorder persists.
how many people are affected by tubular aggregate myopathy ? <sep> tubular aggregate myopathy is a rare disorder. its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for copd ? <sep> bronchodilators and inhaled steroids are two medications used to treat copd. bronchodilators work by relaxing the muscles around the airways, opening them and making it easier to breathe. people with mild copd take bronchodilators using an inhaler only when needed. those with moderate or severe copd may need more regular treatment. inhaled steroids also are used for people with moderate or severe copd in order to reduce swelling in the airways.
what are the treatments for gum (periodontal) disease ? <sep> in deep cleaning, the dentist, periodontist, or dental hygienist removes the plaque through a method called scaling and root planing. scaling means scraping off the tartar from above and below the gum line. root planing gets rid of rough spots on the tooth root where the germs gather, and helps remove bacteria that contribute to the disease.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for pseudotumor cerebri ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on disorders of the brain and nervous system, including pseudotumor cerebri. this research focuses primarily on increasing scientific understanding of these disorders and finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
what causes parkinson's disease ? <sep> parkinson's disease occurs when nerve cells, or neurons, in an area of the brain that controls movement die or become impaired. normally, these neurons produce an important brain chemical known as dopamine, but once the neurons become impaired, they produce less dopamine and eventually die. it is this shortage of dopamine that causes the movement problems of people with parkinson's.
what are the treatments for beta-mannosidosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of beta-mannosidosis: - genetic testing registry: beta-d-mannosidosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is autosomal recessive congenital methemoglobinemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) chronic neutrophilic leukemia ? <sep> chronic neutrophilic leukemia is a disease in which too many blood stem cells become a type of white blood cell called neutrophils. neutrophils are infection -fighting blood cells that surround and destroy dead cells and foreign substances (such as bacteria). the spleen and liver may swell because of the extra neutrophils. chronic neutrophilic leukemia may stay the same or it may progress quickly to acute leukemia.
is weaver syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. in a small number of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent.
what are the genetic changes related to krabbe disease ? <sep> mutations in the galc gene cause krabbe disease. these mutations cause a deficiency of the enzyme galactosylceramidase. this deficiency leads to a progressive loss of myelin that covers many nerves. without myelin, nerves in the brain and other parts of the body cannot function properly, leading to the signs and symptoms of krabbe disease.
what are the symptoms of diabetes ? <sep> many people with diabetes experience one or more symptoms, including extreme thirst or hunger, a frequent need to urinate and/or fatigue. some lose weight without trying. additional signs include sores that heal slowly, dry, itchy skin, loss of feeling or tingling in the feet and blurry eyesight. some people with diabetes, however, have no symptoms at all.
how many people are affected by rheumatoid arthritis ? <sep> rheumatoid arthritis affects about 1.3 million adults in the united states. worldwide, it is estimated to occur in up to 1 percent of the population. the disease is two to three times more common in women than in men, which may be related to hormonal factors.
what are the treatments for breast cancer ? <sep> certain drugs that have been used successfully in other cancers are now being used to treat some breast cancers. a mix of drugs may increase the length of time you will live, or the length of time you will live without cancer. in addition, certain drugs like herceptin and tykerb taken in combination with chemotherapy, can help women with specific genetic breast cancer mutations better than chemotherapy alone.
what causes essential tremor ? <sep> what causes essential tremor? the causes of essential tremor are unknown. researchers are studying several areas (loci) on particular chromosomes that may be linked to essential tremor, but no specific genetic associations have been confirmed. several genes, as well as environmental factors, are likely involved in an individual's risk of developing this complex condition.
what are the treatments for prosopagnosia ? <sep> the focus of any treatment should be to help the individual with prosopagnosia develop compensatory strategies. adults who have the condition as a result of stroke or brain trauma can be retrained to use other clues to identify individuals.
how many people are affected by distal hereditary motor neuropathy, type v ? <sep> the incidence of distal hereditary motor neuropathy, type v is unknown. only a small number of cases have been reported.
what is the outlook for neuronal migration disorders ? <sep> the prognosis for children with nmds varies depending on the specific disorder and the degree of brain abnormality and subsequent neurological signs and symptoms.
what is (are) buschke lowenstein tumor ? <sep> buschke lowenstein tumor is a tumor that most commonly occurs near the penis or anus. this tumor often looks like a large genital wart; it tends to grow slowly, but can sometimes grow very large and spread into surrounding tissues. these tumors rarely spread to other parts of the body. treatment of these tumors begins with removal by surgery. chemotherapy and radiation therapy have also been shown to be effective treatments for this tumor type.
is spondylothoracic dysostosis inherited ? <sep> is spondylothoracic dysostosis genetic? yes. spondylothoracic dysostosis is caused by mutations in the mesp2 gene. it is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion.
is chmp2b-related frontotemporal dementia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is mckusick-kaufman syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) your guide to diabetes: type 1 and type 2 ? <sep> prediabetes is when the amount of glucose in your blood is above normal yet not high enough to be called diabetes. with prediabetes, your chances of getting type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and stroke are higher. with some weight loss and moderate physical activity, you can delay or prevent type 2 diabetes. you can even return to normal glucose levels, possibly without taking any medicines.
how many people are affected by paramyotonia congenita ? <sep> paramyotonia congenita is an uncommon disorder; it is estimated to affect fewer than 1 in 100,000 people.
how many people are affected by alpha-mannosidosis ? <sep> alpha-mannosidosis is estimated to occur in approximately 1 in 500,000 people worldwide.
how many people are affected by sotos syndrome ? <sep> sotos syndrome is reported to occur in 1 in 10,000 to 14,000 newborns. because many of the features of sotos syndrome can be attributed to other conditions, many cases of this disorder are likely not properly diagnosed, so the true incidence may be closer to 1 in 5,000.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for spasticity ? <sep> the ninds supports research on brain and spinal cord disorders that can cause spasticity. the goals of this research are to increase scientific understanding about these disorders and to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
what is the outlook for lipoid proteinosis ? <sep> lipoid proteinosis has a stable or slowly progressive course. children with lp may have behavioral or learning difficulties, along with seizures. obstruction in the throat may require a tracheostomy. mortality rates in infants and adults are slightly increased because of problems with throat obstructions and upper respiratory tract infections.
how many people are affected by purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency ? <sep> purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency is rare; only about 70 affected individuals have been identified. this disorder accounts for approximately 4 percent of all scid cases.
what is (are) surviving cancer ? <sep> the national cancer institute's cancer information service (cis) provides personalized answers to questions about many aspects of cancer, including symptoms, diagnosis, treatment, and survivorship issues. contact cis by calling 1-800-4-cancer (1-800-422-6237) or for tty users, 1-800-332-8615. you can also contact cis over the internet at http://cis.nci.nih.gov or by sending an email to cancergovstaff@mail.nih.gov.
is short-chain acyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is moebius syndrome inherited ? <sep> most cases of moebius syndrome are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. a small percentage of all cases have been reported to run in families; however, the condition does not have a single clear pattern of inheritance.
is nicolaides-baraitser syndrome inherited ? <sep> nicolaides-baraitser syndrome follows an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. all cases of this condition result from new (de novo) mutations in the gene that occur during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) or in early embryonic development. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by sudden infant death with dysgenesis of the testes syndrome ? <sep> siddt has been diagnosed in more than 20 infants from a single old order amish community in pennsylvania. the condition has not been reported outside this community.
how many people are affected by vitiligo ? <sep> vitiligo is a common disorder, affecting between 0.5 percent and 1 percent of the population worldwide. while the condition may be more noticeable in dark-skinned people, it occurs with similar frequency in all ethnic groups.
what is (are) situs inversus ? <sep> situs inversus is a condition in which the arrangement of the internal organs is a mirror image of normal anatomy. it can occur alone (isolated, with no other abnormalities or conditions) or it can occur as part of a syndrome with various other defects. congenital heart defects are present in about 5-10% of affected people. the underlying cause and genetics of situs inversus are complex. familial cases have been reported.
what to do for gas in the digestive tract ? <sep> peoples eating habits and diet affect the amount of gas they have. for example, eating and drinking too fast may increase the amount of air swallowed, and foods that contain carbohydrates may cause some people to have more gas. tracking eating habits and symptoms can help identify the foods that cause more gas. avoiding or eating less of these foods may help reduce gas symptoms.
what are the treatments for scot deficiency ? <sep> how might carnitine palmitoyltransferase i deficiency be treated? treatment of hypoketotic hypoglycemic attacks due to carnitine palmitoyltransferase i deficiency often involves prompt treatment with intravenous 10% dextrose.
what is (are) tarsal carpal coalition syndrome ? <sep> tarsal carpal coalition syndrome is a genetic condition characterized by fusion of the bones in the wrist (carpals), feet (tarsals), and the fingers and toes (phalanges). other bone abnormalities in the hands and feet may be present. approximately 10 affected families have been described. tarsal carpal coalition syndrome is caused by mutations in the nod gene, and it is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern.
how many people are affected by polycystic lipomembranous osteodysplasia with sclerosing leukoencephalopathy ? <sep> plosl is a very rare condition. it was first reported in the finnish population, where it has an estimated prevalence of 1 to 2 per million people. this condition has also been diagnosed in more than 100 people in the japanese population. although affected individuals have been reported worldwide, plosl appears to be less common in other countries.
what causes hyper-igd syndrome ? <sep> what causes hyper igd syndrome? hyper igd syndrome is caused by mutations in the gene encoding the enzyme mevalonate kinase (mvk). the mutations lead to a decrease in the enzymatic activity of the gene. the gene is located at chromosome 12q24.
is hereditary diffuse leukoencephalopathy with spheroids inherited ? <sep> how is hereditary diffuse leukoencephalopathy with spheroids (hdls) inherited? hdls is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, strudwick type inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome (cofs) ? <sep> the ninds supports research on genetic disorders such as cofs. the goals of this research include finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure these disorders.
what are the treatments for alkhurma hemorrhagic fever (ahf) ? <sep> there is no standard specific treatment for the disease. patients receive supportive therapy, which consists of balancing the patients fluid and electrolytes, maintaining oxygen status and blood pressure, and treatment for any complications. mortality in hospitalized patients ranges from 1-20%.
is hypermanganesemia with dystonia, polycythemia, and cirrhosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by roberts syndrome ? <sep> roberts syndrome is a rare disorder; approximately 150 affected individuals have been reported.
how many people are affected by ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency ? <sep> ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency is believed to occur in approximately 1 in every 80,000 people.
what is the outlook for thymoma and thymic carcinoma ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the stage of the cancer. - the type of cancer cell. - whether the tumor can be removed completely by surgery. - the patient's general health. - whether the cancer has just been diagnosed or has recurred (come back).
what are the complications of peyronie's disease ? <sep> complications of peyronies disease may include - the inability to have sexual intercourse - ed - anxiety, or stress, about sexual abilities or the appearance of the penis - stress on a relationship with a sexual partner - problems fathering a child because intercourse is difficult
what are the treatments for alpha-mannosidosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of alpha-mannosidosis: - gene review: gene review: alpha-mannosidosis - genetic testing registry: deficiency of alpha-mannosidase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by laryngo-onycho-cutaneous syndrome ? <sep> loc syndrome is a rare disorder that primarily affects families of punjabi background from india and pakistan, although the condition has also been reported in one family from iran.
how many people are affected by ankylosing spondylitis ? <sep> ankylosing spondylitis is part of a group of related diseases known as spondyloarthropathies. in the united states, spondyloarthropathies affect 3.5 to 13 per 1,000 people.
is krabbe disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by hidradenitis suppurativa ? <sep> hidradenitis suppurativa was once thought to be a rare condition because only the most severe cases were reported. however, recent studies have shown that the condition affects at least 1 in 100 people when milder cases are also considered. for reasons that are unclear, women are about twice as likely as men to develop the condition.
how many people are affected by kidney dysplasia ? <sep> kidney dysplasia is a common condition. scientists estimate that kidney dysplasia affects about one in 4,000 babies.1 this estimate may be low because some people with kidney dysplasia are never diagnosed with the condition. about half of the babies diagnosed with this condition have other urinary tract defects.2
is fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. in a small number of cases, an affected person has inherited the mutation from one affected parent.
what are the treatments for alexander disease ? <sep> there is no cure for alexander disease, nor is there a standard course of treatment. treatment of alexander disease is symptomatic and supportive.
is familial isolated pituitary adenoma inherited ? <sep> fipa is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. however, only 20 to 30 percent of individuals with an aip gene mutation develop a pituitary adenoma. this phenomenon, in which some individuals with a mutation do not develop the features of a particular disorder, is called incomplete penetrance.
who is at risk for mitral valve prolapse? ? <sep> mitral valve prolapse (mvp) affects people of all ages and both sexes; however, aging raises the risk of developing the disease. certain conditions have been associated with mvp, including: a history of rheumatic fever connective tissue disorders, such as marfan syndrome or ehlers-danlos syndrome graves disease scoliosis and other skeletal problems some types of muscular dystrophy
what are the treatments for lambert-eaton myasthenic syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for lems. treatment is directed at decreasing the autoimmune response (through the use of steroids, plasmapheresis, or high-dose intravenous immunoglobulin) or improving the transmission of the disrupted electrical impulses by giving drugs such as di-amino pyridine or pyridostigmine bromide (mestinon). for patients with small cell lung cancer, treatment of the cancer is the first priority.
what are the symptoms of polycystic kidney disease ? <sep> in many cases, pkd does not cause signs or symptoms until cysts are half an inch or larger. when present, the most common symptoms are pain in the back and sidesbetween the ribs and hipsand headaches. the pain can be temporary or persistent, mild or severe. hematuriablood in the urinemay also be a sign of autosomal dominant pkd.
what are the genetic changes related to meige disease ? <sep> the cause of meige disease is unknown. the condition is thought to be genetic because it tends to run in families, and other forms of primary lymphedema have been found to have a genetic cause. researchers have studied many genes associated with the lymphatic system; however, no genetic change has been definitively found to cause the signs and symptoms of meige disease.
what is (are) leukemia ? <sep> cancer begins in cells, which make up the blood and other tissues. normally, cells grow, divide, and produce more cells as needed to keep the body healthy and functioning properly. sometimes, however, the process of creating a new cell goes wrong -- cells become abnormal and form more cells in an uncontrolled way.
what are the treatments for waterhousefriderichsen syndrome ? <sep> how might waterhouse-friderichsen syndrome be treated? treatment may include antibiotics and glucocorticoids. other treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
is keratoderma with woolly hair inherited ? <sep> most cases of keratoderma with woolly hair have an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they usually do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is lactate dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is pearson marrow-pancreas syndrome inherited ? <sep> pearson marrow-pancreas syndrome is generally not inherited but arises from new (de novo) mutations that likely occur in early embryonic development.
is glutathione synthetase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by desmoid tumor ? <sep> desmoid tumors are rare, affecting an estimated 1 to 2 per 500,000 people worldwide. in the united states, 900 to 1,500 new cases are diagnosed per year. sporadic desmoid tumors are more common than those associated with familial adenomatous polyposis.
is ghosal hematodiaphyseal dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is apert syndrome inherited ? <sep> apert syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. almost all cases of apert syndrome result from new mutations in the gene, and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. individuals with apert syndrome, however, can pass along the condition to the next generation.
how to diagnose von hippel-lindau disease ? <sep> how is von hippel-lindau (vhl) disease diagnosed? the diagnosis of von hippel-lindau (vhl) disease can be made based on specific clinical criteria (signs and symptoms), or when molecular genetic testing reveals a mutation in the vhl gene. tests that may be used to establish a clinical diagnosis include: mri of the brain and spinal cord fundoscopy ultrasound examination or mri of the abdomen blood and urinary catecholamine metabolites.
how many people are affected by succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> approximately 350 people with succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by charge syndrome ? <sep> charge syndrome occurs in approximately 1 in 8,500 to 10,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by mucolipidosis iii gamma ? <sep> mucolipidosis iii gamma is a rare disorder, although its exact prevalence is unknown. it is estimated to occur in about 1 in 100,000 to 400,000 individuals worldwide.
what are the treatments for metatropic dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of metatropic dysplasia: - gene review: gene review: trpv4-associated disorders - genetic testing registry: metatrophic dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for miller fisher syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for most individuals with miller fisher syndrome is good. in most cases, recovery begins within 2 to 4 weeks of the onset of symptoms, and may be almost complete within 6 months. some individuals are left with residual deficits. relapses may occur rarely (in less than 3 percent of cases).
what are the treatments for glycine encephalopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of glycine encephalopathy: - baby's first test - gene review: gene review: glycine encephalopathy - genetic testing registry: non-ketotic hyperglycinemia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for multifocal motor neuropathy ? <sep> treatment for multifocal motor neuropathy varies. some individuals experience only mild, modest symptoms and require no treatment. for others, treatment generally consists of intravenous immunoglobulin (ivig) or immunosuppressive therapy with cyclophosphamide.
what causes problems with smell ? <sep> in rare cases, certain medicines such as antibiotics or antihistamines may cause a change in your ability to smell. if you are taking these medications and notice a change in your sense of smell, talk to your doctor. you may be able to adjust or change your medicine to one that will not cause a problem with smell.
what is (are) lactose intolerance ? <sep> lactose is a sugar found in milk and milk products. the small intestinethe organ where most food digestion and nutrient absorption take placeproduces an enzyme called lactase. lactase breaks down lactose into two simpler forms of sugar: glucose and galactose. the body then absorbs these simpler sugars into the bloodstream.
what is (are) thyroglossal tract cyst ? <sep> a thyroglossal duct cyst is a neck mass or lump that develops from cells and tissues remaining after the formation of the thyroid gland during embryonic development.
how many people are affected by urinary incontinence in children ? <sep> by 5 years of age, more than 90 percent of children can control urination during the day. nighttime wetting is more common than daytime wetting in children, affecting 30 percent of 4-year-olds. the condition resolves itself in about 15 percent of children each year; about 10 percent of 7-year-olds, 3 percent of 12-year-olds, and 1 percent of 18-year-olds continue to experience nighttime wetting.1
how to prevent age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> there is no reason for those diagnosed with early stage amd to take the areds formulation. the study did not find that the formulation helped those with early stage amd. if you have early stage amd, a comprehensive dilated eye exam every year can help determine if the disease is progressing. if early stage amd progresses to the intermediate stage, discuss taking the formulation with your doctor.
is cant syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered abcc9 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. in a few reported cases, an affected person has inherited the mutation from one affected parent.
what is (are) lymphomatoid papulosis ? <sep> lymphomatoid papulosis is a skin disorder that is characterized by crops of self healing skin lesions that look cancerous under the microscope but are actually benign (non-cancerous). lesions contain unusual cells that are similar to those found in some lymphomas (cancers of the lymphatic system).
how many people are affected by gm1 gangliosidosis ? <sep> gm1 gangliosidosis is estimated to occur in 1 in 100,000 to 200,000 newborns. type i is reported more frequently than the other forms of this condition. most individuals with type iii are of japanese descent.
what is the outlook for diabetic neuropathy ? <sep> the prognosis for diabetic neuropathy depends largely on how well the underlying condition of diabetes is handled. treating diabetes may halt progression and improve symptoms of the neuropathy, but recovery is slow. the painful sensations of diabetic neuropathy may become severe enough to cause depression in some patients.
what are the treatments for myosin storage myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of myosin storage myopathy: - genetic testing registry: myosin storage myopathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for menkes disease ? <sep> treatment with daily copper injections may improve the outcome in menkes disease if it begins within days after birth. other treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
is autosomal recessive hyper-ige syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by floating-harbor syndrome ? <sep> floating-harbor syndrome is a rare disorder; only about 50 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by 3mc syndrome ? <sep> 3mc syndrome is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for what i need to know about kidney failure and how its treated ? <sep> the treatments for kidney failure are - hemodialysis - peritoneal dialysis - a kidney transplant - conservative management
how many people are affected by very long-chain acyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> vlcad deficiency is estimated to affect 1 in 40,000 to 120,000 people.
how many people are affected by craniometaphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> craniometaphyseal dysplasia is a very rare disorder; its incidence is unknown.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for sotos syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts a wide range of studies which focus on identifying and learning more about the genes involved in normal brain development. the knowledge gained from these fundamental studies provides the foundation for understanding how this process can go awry and, thus, may eventually give clues to understanding disorders such as sotos syndrome.
what are the treatments for gastroparesis ? <sep> treatment of gastroparesis depends on the severity of the persons symptoms. in most cases, treatment does not cure gastroparesis, which is usually a chronic, or long-lasting, condition. gastroparesis is also a relapsing conditionthe symptoms can come and go for periods of time. treatment helps people manage the condition so they can be as comfortable and active as possible.
what is (are) psoriasis ? <sep> the most common form of psoriasis is called plaque psoriasis. it appears as raised red patches covered in silvery white scales. plaque psoriasis usually shows up on the scalp, knees, elbows, and lower back. the patches may itch or be painful. they can also crack and bleed.
what causes periodic fever, aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis and adenitis ? <sep> what causes periodic fever, aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis, cervical adenitis (pfapa)? the cause of pfapa is unknown, although viral or autoimmune causes have been suggested.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for infantile refsum disease ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) conducts research related to irdin its laboratories at the national institutes of health (nih), and also supports additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. research is focused on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure disorders such as the pbds.
what are the treatments for tay-sachs disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of tay-sachs disease: - gene review: gene review: hexosaminidase a deficiency - genetic testing registry: tay-sachs disease - medlineplus encyclopedia: tay-sachs disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for stve-wiedemann syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of stve-wiedemann syndrome: - genetic testing registry: stuve-wiedemann syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by arginine:glycine amidinotransferase deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of arginine:glycine amidinotransferase deficiency is unknown. the disorder has been identified in only a few families.
what are the treatments for neonatal onset multisystem inflammatory disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of nomid: - genetic testing registry: chronic infantile neurological, cutaneous and articular syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
who is at risk for knee replacement? ? <sep> because a fall can damage your new knee, making your home a safe place is crucial. before your surgery, look for and correct hazards, including cluttered floors, loose electrical cords, unsecured rugs, and dark hallways. a raised toilet seat can make it easier to get up and down. grab bars in the tub can keep you steady.
is pulmonary alveolar microlithiasis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type ie inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
how many people are affected by lung cancer ? <sep> in the united states, it is estimated that more than 221,000 people develop lung cancer each year. an estimated 72 to 80 percent of lung cancer cases occur in tobacco smokers. approximately 6.6 percent of individuals will develop lung cancer during their lifetime. it is the leading cause of cancer deaths, accounting for an estimated 27 percent of all cancer deaths in the united states.
how to prevent medullary sponge kidney ? <sep> scientists have not yet found a way to prevent medullary sponge kidney. however, health care providers can recommend medications and dietary changes to prevent future utis and kidney stones.
what are the symptoms of gastrointestinal stromal tumors ? <sep> signs of gastrointestinal stromal tumors include blood in the stool or vomit. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by a gist or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - blood (either bright red or very dark) in the stool or vomit. - pain in the abdomen, which may be severe. - feeling very tired. - trouble or pain when swallowing. - feeling full after only a little food is eaten.
how many people are affected by lowe syndrome ? <sep> lowe syndrome is an uncommon condition. it has an estimated prevalence of 1 in 500,000 people.
is fraser syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is hereditary fructose intolerance inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) iga nephropathy ? <sep> iga nephropathy, also known as bergers disease, is a kidney disease that occurs when iga deposits build up in the kidneys, causing inflammation that damages kidney tissues. iga is an antibodya protein made by the immune system to protect the body from foreign substances such as bacteria or viruses. most people with iga nephropathy receive care from a nephrologist, a doctor who specializes in treating people with kidney disease.
how to prevent prevent diabetes problems: keep your heart and blood vessels healthy ? <sep> - don't smoke. - keep blood glucose and blood pressure under control. - keep blood fats close to normal. - be physically active. - ask your doctor if you should take aspirin every day. you also may need surgery to treat pad.
what is (are) acrodysplasia scoliosis ? <sep> acrodysplasia scoliosis is a rare condition that has been reported in two brothers. the condition is characterized by scoliosis, brachydactyly (unusually short fingers and toes), spina bifida occulta, and carpal synostosis (fused bones of the wrist). the underlying genetic cause of the condition is unknown, but it appears to be inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. treatment is based on the signs and symptoms present in each person.
what are the treatments for aromatase excess syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aromatase excess syndrome: - genetic testing registry: familial gynecomastia, due to increased aromatase activity these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> drusen are yellow deposits under the retina. they often are found in people over age 50. your eye care professional can detect drusen during a comprehensive dilated eye exam.
is anencephaly inherited ? <sep> most cases of anencephaly are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. a small percentage of cases have been reported to run in families; however, the condition does not have a clear pattern of inheritance. for parents who have had a child with anencephaly, the risk of having another affected child is increased compared with the risk in the general population.
how many people are affected by poland syndrome ? <sep> poland syndrome has been estimated to occur in 1 in 20,000 newborns. for unknown reasons, this disorder occurs more than twice as often in males than in females. poland syndrome may be underdiagnosed because mild cases without hand involvement may never come to medical attention.
is peroxisomal acyl-coa oxidase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by leukoencephalopathy with vanishing white matter ? <sep> the prevalence of leukoencephalopathy with vanishing white matter is unknown. although it is a rare disorder, it is believed to be one of the most common inherited diseases that affect the white matter.
how can y. enterocolitica infections be diagnosed for yersinia ? <sep> y. enterocolitica infections are generally diagnosed by detecting the organism in the stools. many laboratories do not routinely test for y. enterocolitica,so it is important to notify laboratory personnel when infection with this bacterium is suspected so that special tests can be done. the organism can also be recovered from other sites, including the throat, lymph nodes, joint fluid, urine, bile, and blood.
what are the treatments for 48,xxyy syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 48,xxyy syndrome: - genetic testing registry: xxyy syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is poland syndrome inherited ? <sep> most cases of poland syndrome are sporadic, which means they are not inherited and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their families. rarely, this condition is passed through generations in families. in these families the condition appears to be inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of an altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder, although no associated genes have been found.
what are the symptoms of paget's disease of bone ? <sep> pain may be a symptom, especially among people with more advanced paget's disease. affected bones also can become enlarged, misshapen, and more fragile and likely to break. misshapen bones tend to be most noticeable in the legs, skull, and spine.
is fryns syndrome inherited ? <sep> fryns syndrome appears to be inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of a gene in each cell have mutations. however, no associated gene has been identified. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the altered gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for wolfram syndrome ? <sep> how might wolfram syndrome be treated? treatment of wolfram syndrome is supportive and based on the signs and symptoms present in each person. for example, almost all affected people require insulin to treat diabetes mellitus. people with hearing loss may benefit from hearing aids or cochlear implantation. for more detailed information regarding the treatment and management of wolfram syndrome, click here.
how many people are affected by dilated cardiomyopathy with ataxia syndrome ? <sep> dcma syndrome is a very rare disorder. approximately 30 cases have been identified in the dariusleut hutterite population of the great plains region of canada. only a few affected individuals have been identified outside this population.
how many people are affected by 22q13.3 deletion syndrome ? <sep> at least 500 cases of 22q13.3 deletion syndrome are known.
what are the symptoms of sudden cardiac arrest ? <sep> usually, the first sign of sudden cardiac arrest (sca) is loss of consciousness (fainting). at the same time, no heartbeat (or pulse) can be felt. some people may have a racing heartbeat or feel dizzy or light-headed just before they faint. within an hour before sca, some people have chest pain, shortness of breath, nausea (feeling sick to the stomach), or vomiting.
how many people are affected by hereditary fructose intolerance ? <sep> the incidence of hereditary fructose intolerance is estimated to be 1 in 20,000 to 30,000 individuals each year worldwide.
what is (are) jervell lange-nielsen syndrome ? <sep> jervell lange-nielsen syndrome is a form of long qt syndrome. symptoms include deafness from birth, arrhythmia, fainting, and sudden death. there are two different types, jervell lange-nielsen syndrome type 1 and 2. it is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion.
how many people are affected by 3-hydroxyacyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> the exact incidence of 3-hydroxyacyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency is unknown; it has been reported in only a small number of people worldwide.
what are the genetic changes related to 1p36 deletion syndrome ? <sep> 1p36 deletion syndrome is caused by a deletion of genetic material from a specific region in the short (p) arm of chromosome 1. the signs and symptoms of 1p36 deletion syndrome are probably related to the loss of multiple genes in this region. the size of the deletion varies among affected individuals.
what are the treatments for andermann syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of andermann syndrome: - gene review: gene review: hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy with agenesis of the corpus callosum - genetic testing registry: andermann syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is fucosidosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for lesch-nyhan syndrome ? <sep> the gene associated with lns is known. the ninds supports and conducts research on genetic disorders such as lns in an effort to find ways to prevent and treat these disorders.
is li-fraumeni syndrome inherited ? <sep> li-fraumeni syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to increase the risk of developing cancer. in most cases, an affected person has a parent and other family members with cancers characteristic of the condition.
is complete lcat deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is multiple sulfatase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is 17 alpha-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to prevent kyasanur forest disease (kfd) ? <sep> a vaccine does exist for kfd and is used in endemic areas of india. additional preventative measures include insect repellents and wearing protective clothing in areas where ticks are endemic.
is cholesteryl ester storage disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is ochoa syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is 17q23.1q23.2 microdeletion syndrome inherited ? <sep> is 17q23.2q23.2 microdeletion syndrome inherited? parental fish testing in most of the reported cases confirmed a de novo origin, meaning that the deletion was new to the family.
what is the outlook for adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the age of the patient. - whether the cancer has spread to the brain or spinal cord. - whether there are certain changes in the genes, including the philadelphia chromosome. - whether the cancer has been treated before or has recurred (come back).
what are the symptoms of eisenmenger syndrome ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of eisenmenger syndrome? symptoms of eisenmenger include shortness of breath, chest pain, feeling tired or dizzy, fainting, abnormal heart rhythm (arrhythmia), stroke, coughing up blood, swelling of joints from excess uric acid (gout) and, bluish lips, fingers, toes, and skin (cyanosis). eisenmenger syndrome usually develops before a child reaches puberty but can also develop in young adulthood.
what are the treatments for central pain syndrome ? <sep> pain medications often provide some reduction of pain, but not complete relief of pain, for those affected by central pain syndrome. tricyclic antidepressants such as nortriptyline or anticonvulsants such as neurontin (gabapentin) can be useful. lowering stress levels appears to reduce pain.
how many people are affected by progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis ? <sep> pfic is estimated to affect 1 in 50,000 to 100,000 people worldwide. pfic type 1 is much more common in the inuit population of greenland and the old order amish population of the united states.
what are the treatments for complement factor i deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of complement factor i deficiency: - medlineplus encyclopedia: complement these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by friedreich ataxia ? <sep> friedreich ataxia is estimated to affect 1 in 40,000 people. this condition is found in people with european, middle eastern, or north african ancestry. it is rarely identified in other ethnic groups.
what is (are) hydatidiform mole ? <sep> molar pregnancy is a condition in which the placenta does not develop properly. the symptoms of molar pregnancy, which may include vaginal bleeding, severe morning sickness, stomach cramps, and high blood pressure, typically begin around the 10th week of pregnancy. because the embryo does not form or is malformed in molar pregnancies, and because there is a small risk of developing a cancer called choriocarcinoma, a d&c is usually performed.
how many people are affected by 1q21.1 microdeletion ? <sep> 1q21.1 microdeletion is a rare chromosomal change; only a few dozen individuals with this deletion have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for psoriatic arthritis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of psoriatic arthritis: - american society for surgery of the hand - genetic testing registry: psoriatic arthritis, susceptibility to - the johns hopkins arthritis center these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) dry mouth ? <sep> saliva does more than keep your mouth wet. it helps digest food, protects teeth from decay, helps to heal sores in your mouth, and prevents infection by controlling bacteria, viruses, and fungi in the mouth. saliva is also what helps us chew and swallow. each of these functions of saliva is hampered when a person has dry mouth.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for klippel-trenaunay syndrome (kts) ? <sep> the ninds supports research on congenital disorders such as kts with the goal of finding new means to treat and prevent them.
what causes 21-hydroxylase deficiency ? <sep> what causes salt-wasting, simple virilizing, and nonclassical 21-hydroxylase-deficient congenital adrenal hyperplasia? salt-wasting, simple virilizing, and late-onset 21-hydroxylase deficiency are all caused by mutations in the human 21-hydroxylase gene (cyp21a2).
how many people are affected by wolman disease ? <sep> wolman disease is estimated to occur in 1 in 350,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by intrauterine growth restriction, metaphyseal dysplasia, adrenal hypoplasia congenita, and genital anomalies ? <sep> image syndrome is very rare, with only about 20 cases reported in the medical literature. the condition has been diagnosed more often in males than in females, probably because females do not have associated genital abnormalities.
how many people are affected by metachromatic leukodystrophy ? <sep> metachromatic leukodystrophy is reported to occur in 1 in 40,000 to 160,000 individuals worldwide. the condition is more common in certain genetically isolated populations: 1 in 75 in a small group of jews who immigrated to israel from southern arabia (habbanites), 1 in 2,500 in the western portion of the navajo nation, and 1 in 8,000 among arab groups in israel.
what are the treatments for unverricht-lundborg disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of unverricht-lundborg disease: - gene review: gene review: unverricht-lundborg disease - genetic testing registry: unverricht-lundborg syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by amelogenesis imperfecta ? <sep> the exact incidence of amelogenesis imperfecta is uncertain. estimates vary widely, from 1 in 700 people in northern sweden to 1 in 14,000 people in the united states.
how many people are affected by neurofibromatosis type 2 ? <sep> neurofibromatosis type 2 has an estimated incidence of 1 in 33,000 people worldwide.
what are the treatments for familial exudative vitreoretinopathy ? <sep> how might familial exudative vitreoretinopathy be treated? affected individuals with abnormal blood vessel formation in their retina can be treated with laser therapy. surgery may also be necessary to correct retinal detachment.
what are the treatments for histiocytosis-lymphadenopathy plus syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of histiocytosis-lymphadenopathy plus syndrome: - genetic testing registry: histiocytosis-lymphadenopathy plus syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by osteoglophonic dysplasia ? <sep> osteoglophonic dysplasia is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. only about 15 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what is the outlook for paresthesia ? <sep> the prognosis for those with paresthesia depends on the severity of the sensations and the associated disorders.
who is at risk for anemia of inflammation and chronic disease? ? <sep> while ai/acd can affect people at any age, older adults are especially at risk because they have the highest rates of chronic disease. ai/acd is also common among hospitalized patients, particularly those with chronic illnesses. more than 130 million americans live with at least one chronic illness.2 addressing the causes of anemia in people with chronic disease can help improve their health and quality of life.
how many people are affected by 2q37 deletion syndrome ? <sep> 2q37 deletion syndrome appears to be a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown. approximately 100 cases have been reported worldwide.
what are the treatments for psoriasis ? <sep> there are many types of treatments. many are medicines and other treatments your doctor will have to prescribe. but there are other types of treatments you can buy without a prescription or try on your own. some treatments for psoriasis are applied to the directly to the skin. some use light to treat skin lesions. others are taken by mouth or injected.
how many people are affected by idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ? <sep> idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis has an estimated prevalence of 13 to 20 per 100,000 people worldwide. about 100,000 people are affected in the united states, and 30,000 to 40,000 new cases are diagnosed each year. familial pulmonary fibrosis is less common than the sporadic form of the disease. only a small percentage of cases of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis appear to run in families.
how many people are affected by succinate-coa ligase deficiency ? <sep> although the exact prevalence of succinate-coa ligase deficiency is unknown, it appears to be very rare. this condition occurs more frequently among people from the faroe islands in the north atlantic ocean.
is mabry syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by congenital hypothyroidism ? <sep> congenital hypothyroidism affects an estimated 1 in 2,000 to 4,000 newborns. for reasons that remain unclear, congenital hypothyroidism affects more than twice as many females as males.
what is (are) hair problems ? <sep> the average person has 5 million hairs. hair grows all over your body except on your lips, palms, and the soles of your feet. it takes about a month for healthy hair to grow half an inch. most hairs grow for up to six years and then fall out. new hairs grow in their place. hair helps keep you warm. it also protects your eyes, ears and nose from small particles in the air. common problem with the hair and scalp include hair loss, infections, and flaking.
how many people are affected by tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated periodic syndrome ? <sep> traps has an estimated prevalence of one per million individuals; it is the second most common inherited recurrent fever syndrome, following a similar condition called familial mediterranean fever. more than 1,000 people worldwide have been diagnosed with traps.
is pseudoachondroplasia inherited ? <sep> pseudoachondroplasia is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. most cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by li-fraumeni syndrome ? <sep> the exact prevalence of li-fraumeni is unknown. one u.s. registry of li-fraumeni syndrome patients suggests that about 400 people from 64 families have this disorder.
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> a desirable level for ldl (bad) cholesterol is under 100 mg/dl. here are the ranges for ldl cholesterol levels. do you know how your ldl level compares?
how many people are affected by donohue syndrome ? <sep> donohue syndrome is estimated to affect less than 1 per million people worldwide. several dozen cases have been reported in the medical literature.
is distal arthrogryposis type 1 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of an altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in many cases, a person with distal arthrogryposis type 1 has a parent and other close family members with the condition.
is dolk-congenital disorder of glycosylation inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for boomerang dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of boomerang dysplasia: - gene review: gene review: flnb-related disorders - genetic testing registry: boomerang dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is tay-sachs disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) nonseminomatous germ cell tumor ? <sep> nonseminomatous germ cell tumors are cancerous tumors commonly found in the pineal gland in the brain, in the mediastinum, or in the abdomen. they originate from cells that were meant to form sex cells (i.e., sperm or eggs). they are often large and have a tendency to spread more quickly than the other type of germ cell tumor (i.e., seminoma type). possible early signs of this cancer include chest pain and breathing problems.
what are the treatments for gum (periodontal) disease ? <sep> medications may be used with treatment that includes scaling and root planing. depending on how far the disease has progressed, the dentist or periodontist may also suggest surgical treatment. long-term studies are needed to find out if using medications reduces the need for surgery and whether they are effective over a long period of time.
how many people are affected by primary hyperoxaluria ? <sep> primary hyperoxaluria is estimated to affect 1 in 58,000 individuals worldwide. type 1 is the most common form, accounting for approximately 80 percent of cases. types 2 and 3 each account for about 10 percent of cases.
how many people are affected by lymphangioleiomyomatosis ? <sep> sporadic lam is estimated to occur in 2 to 5 per million women worldwide. this condition may be underdiagnosed because its symptoms are similar to those of other lung disorders such as asthma, bronchitis, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
what is (are) blue cone monochromatism ? <sep> blue cone monochromatism is an inherited x-linked vision disorder. in this condition both red and green cone sensitivities are absent, however rod function and blue cone sensitivities are present. signs and symptoms include severely reduced visual acuity (clearnes), eccentric fixation, infantile nystagmus that decreases with age, no obvious retinal abnormalities, and poor or no color discrimination.
is gitelman syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for pinched nerve ? <sep> the most frequently recommended treatment for pinched nerve is rest for the affected area. nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids) or corticosteroids may be recommended to help alleviate pain. physical therapy is often useful, and splints or collars may be used to relieve symptoms. depending on the cause and severity of the pinched nerve, surgery may be needed.
is stiff person syndrome inherited ? <sep> is stiff person syndrome inherited? genetic factors involved in causing stiff person syndrome have not been established. while most cases appear to occur in an isolated manner, some familial cases have been reported. the fact that stiff person syndrome can occur with other autoimmune disorders suggests that genetics may play a role.
what is the outlook for alpers' disease ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with alpers' disease is poor. those with the disease usually die within their first decade of life. continuous, unrelenting seizures often lead to death. liver failure and cardiorespiratory failure due to brain, spinal cord, and nerve involvement may also occur.
how many people are affected by familial porencephaly ? <sep> familial porencephaly is a rare condition, although the exact prevalence is unknown. at least eight affected families have been described in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for coffin-siris syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of coffin-siris syndrome: - gene review: gene review: coffin-siris syndrome - genetic testing registry: coffin-siris syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for ethylmalonic encephalopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ethylmalonic encephalopathy: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: ethylmalonic encephalopathy - medlineplus encyclopedia: skin discoloration - bluish these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for hereditary neuropathies ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with hereditary neuropathies depends upon the type of neuropathy. some hereditary neuropathies have very mild symptoms and may go undiagnosed for many years. other types are more severe and are associated with more disabilities. genetic counseling is important to understand further details about the disease and prognosis.
is crouzonodermoskeletal syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. more commonly, this condition results from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by prolactinoma ? <sep> although small benign pituitary tumors are fairly common in the general population, symptomatic prolactinomas are uncommon. prolactinomas occur more often in women than men and rarely occur in children.
what are the symptoms of megalencephaly, polymicrogyria, and hydrocephalus (mpph) syndrome ? <sep> what are the symptoms of polymicrogyria? a wide variety of symptoms may be observed in people with polymicrogyria, including: cognitive deficits epilepsy paralysis of the face, throat, and tongue difficulty with speech drooling
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for alpers' disease ? <sep> the ninds supports research on gene-linked neurodegenerative disorders such as alpers' disease. the goals of this research are to increase scientific understanding of these disorders, and to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
what are the treatments for shaken baby syndrome ? <sep> emergency treatment for a baby who has been shaken usually includes life-sustaining measures such as respiratory support and surgery to stop internal bleeding and bleeding in the brain. doctors may use brain scans, such as mri and ct, to make a more definite diagnosis.
who is at risk for gallbladder cancer? ? <sep> being female can increase the risk of developing gallbladder cancer. anything that increases your chance of getting a disease is called a risk factor. having a risk factor does not mean that you will get cancer; not having risk factors doesn't mean that you will not get cancer. talk with your doctor if you think you may be at risk. risk factors for gallbladder cancer include the following: - being female. - being native american.
how many people are affected by congenital fiber-type disproportion ? <sep> congenital fiber-type disproportion is thought to be a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown.
what to do for what i need to know about erectile dysfunction ? <sep> to prevent ed, you should eat a healthy diet of whole-grain foods, fruits and vegetables, low-fat dairy foods, and lean meats. a diet that causes you to be overweight and have heart and blood vessel disease can also lead to ed. you should avoid foods high in fat and sodium, the main part of salt. you should also avoid smoking, drinking too much alcohol, or using illegal drugs.
is mainzer-saldino syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes hearing loss ? <sep> hearing loss can result from taking certain medications. "ototoxic" medications damage the inner ear, sometimes permanently. check with your doctor if you notice a problem while taking a medication.
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis c ? <sep> hepatitis* c is a virus, or infection, that causes liver disease and inflammation of the liver. viruses can cause sickness. for example, the flu is caused by a virus. people can pass viruses to each other. inflammation is swelling that occurs when tissues of the body become injured or infected. inflammation can cause organs to not work properly.
how many people are affected by warsaw breakage syndrome ? <sep> warsaw breakage syndrome is a rare condition; at least four cases have been described in the medical literature.
is adcy5-related dyskinesia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by spastic paraplegia type 7 ? <sep> the prevalence of all hereditary spastic paraplegias combined is estimated to be 2 to 6 in 100,000 people worldwide. spastic paraplegia type 7 likely accounts for only a small percentage of all spastic paraplegia cases.
is essential pentosuria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes bell's palsy ? <sep> what causes bell's palsy?
how many people are affected by cyclic neutropenia ? <sep> cyclic neutropenia is a rare condition and is estimated to occur in 1 in 1 million individuals worldwide.
what is (are) dumping syndrome ? <sep> dumping syndrome occurs when food, especially sugar, moves too fast from the stomach to the duodenumthe first part of the small intestinein the upper gastrointestinal (gi) tract. this condition is also called rapid gastric emptying. dumping syndrome has two forms, based on when symptoms occur: - early dumping syndromeoccurs 10 to 30 minutes after a meal - late dumping syndromeoccurs 2 to 3 hours after a meal
is aromatase excess syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means a genetic rearrangement involving one copy of the cyp19a1 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new genetic changes and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is 3-m syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is carnitine palmitoyltransferase i deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by familial cylindromatosis ? <sep> familial cylindromatosis is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
what causes nance-horan syndrome ? <sep> what causes nance-horan syndrome? nance-horan syndrome is caused by a mutation in the nhs gene, which is located on the x chromosome. some patients have losses (deletions) of part of the chromosome x short arm (p) within the region involving the nhs gene and other genes that are located in this region. these patients may have more problems and the problems may be more serious.
what are the treatments for geleophysic dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of geleophysic dysplasia: - gene review: gene review: geleophysic dysplasia - genetic testing registry: geleophysic dysplasia 2 - medlineplus encyclopedia: short stature these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ? <sep> there is currently no treatment that can halt progression of any of the tses. treatment is aimed at alleviating symptoms and making the patient as comfortable as possible. a clinical trial of a potential therapy for cjd is expected to begin soon at the university of california at san francisco.
what is (are) heart failure ? <sep> more detailed information on heart failure is available at http://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health/dci
what is (are) tubular aggregate myopathy ? <sep> tubular aggregate myopathy is a very rare muscle disease where the presence of tubular aggregates represent the major, if not sole, pathologic change in the muscle cell. it is often characterized by muscle weakness or stiffness, cramps, and exercise induced muscle fatigue. the exact cause of the condition is unknown. sporadic and genetic forms have been reported. some cases appear to be due to dominant mutations in the stim1 gene.
is galactosemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) parasites - ascariasis ? <sep> ascaris is an intestinal parasite of humans. it is the most common human worm infection. the larvae and adult worms live in the small intestine and can cause intestinal disease.
what are the treatments for snyder-robinson syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of snyder-robinson syndrome: - gene review: gene review: snyder-robinson syndrome - genetic testing registry: snyder robinson syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by polymicrogyria ? <sep> the prevalence of isolated polymicrogyria is unknown. researchers believe that it may be relatively common overall, although the individual forms of the disorder (such as bilateral generalized polymicrogyria) are probably rare.
is lattice corneal dystrophy type ii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. although a mutation in one copy of the gene can cause the disorder, people with mutations in both copies of the gene have more severe signs and symptoms.
what are the treatments for parasites - babesiosis ? <sep> effective treatments are available. people who do not have any symptoms or signs of babesiosis usually do not need to be treated. before considering treatment, the first step is to make sure the diagnosis is correct. for more information, people should talk to their health care provider. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
what are the treatments for popliteal pterygium syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of popliteal pterygium syndrome: - gene review: gene review: irf6-related disorders - genetic testing registry: popliteal pterygium syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for miller fisher syndrome ? <sep> treatment for miller fisher syndrome is identical to treatment for guillain-barr syndrome: intravenous immunoglobulin (ivig) or plasmapheresis (a procedure in which antibodies are removed from the blood) and supportive care.
how many people are affected by peyronie's disease ? <sep> researchers estimate that peyronies disease may affect 1 to 23 percent of men between 40 and 70 years of age.1 however, the actual occurrence of peyronies disease may be higher due to mens embarrassment and health care providers limited reporting.1 the disease is rare in young men, although it has been reported in men in their 30s.1 the chance of developing peyronies disease increases with age.
what are the symptoms of merkel cell carcinoma ? <sep> merkel cell carcinoma usually appears as a single painless lump on sun-exposed skin. this and other changes in the skin may be caused by merkel cell carcinoma or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you see changes in your skin. merkel cell carcinoma usually appears on sun-exposed skin as a single lump that is: - fast-growing. - painless. - firm and dome-shaped or raised. - red or violet in color.
what is (are) balance problems ? <sep> a balance disorder is a disturbance of the body systems controlling balance. this disturbance can make people feel dizzy, unsteady, or as if they were spinning. balance disorders are a common cause of falls and fall-related injuries, such as hip fractures.
how many people are affected by oral-facial-digital syndrome ? <sep> oral-facial-digital syndrome has an estimated incidence of 1 in 50,000 to 250,000 newborns. type i accounts for the majority of cases of this disorder. the other forms of oral-facial-digital syndrome are very rare; most have been identified in only one or a few families.
is megdel syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is lattice corneal dystrophy type i inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
what are the treatments for incontinentia pigmenti ? <sep> the skin abnormalities of ip usually disappear by adolescence or adulthood without treatment. diminished vision may be treated with corrective lenses, medication, or, in severe cases, surgery. a specialist may treat dental problems. neurological symptoms such as seizures, muscle spasms, or mild paralysis may be controlled with medication and/or medical devices and with the advice of a neurologist.
how many people are affected by apert syndrome ? <sep> apert syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 65,000 to 88,000 newborns.
what are the treatments for chiari malformation ? <sep> medications may ease certain symptoms, such as pain. surgery is the only treatment available to correct functional disturbances or halt the progression of damage to the central nervous system. more than one surgery may be needed to treat the condition. some cms have no noticeable symptoms and do not interfere with the person's activities of daily living.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for frontotemporal dementia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds), and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih), conduct research related to ftd in laboratories at the nih, and also support additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country.
is dicer1 syndrome inherited ? <sep> dicer1 syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene is sufficient to cause the disorder. it is important to note that people inherit an increased risk of tumors; many people who have mutations in the dicer1 gene do not develop abnormal growths.
what are the treatments for pseudocholinesterase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pseudocholinesterase deficiency: - medlineplus encyclopedia: cholinesterase (blood test) these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for x-linked juvenile retinoschisis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of x-linked juvenile retinoschisis: - gene review: gene review: x-linked juvenile retinoschisis - genetic testing registry: juvenile retinoschisis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2 ? <sep> what causes pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2? pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2 is caused by mutations in either the wnk1 or wnk4 genes. mutations in these genes cause salt retention and impaired excretion of potassium and acid, leading to high blood pressure, hyperkalemia (high levels of potassium), and metabolic acidosis.
is epidermolysis bullosa with pyloric atresia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) factor v deficiency ? <sep> factor v deficiency is an inherited blood disorder that involves abnormal blood clotting (coagulation). this disorder is caused by the deficiency of a blood protein called factor v. the reduced amount of factor v leads to episodes of abnormal bleeding that range from mild to severe. factor v deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, which means that both copies of the f5 gene in each cell have mutations.
who is at risk for what i need to know about erectile dysfunction? ? <sep> erectile dysfunction affects men of all races and in all parts of the world. men are more likely to have ed as they get older. for example, ed occurs in - about 12 percent of men younger than 60 - 22 percent of men age 60 to 69 - 30 percent of men age 70 or older
how many people are affected by centronuclear myopathy ? <sep> centronuclear myopathy is a rare condition; its exact prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for surviving cancer ? <sep> certain kinds of chemotherapy and medicines contribute to weight gain. unfortunately, the usual ways people try to lose weight may not work. ask your doctor about talking with a nutritionist who can help you plan a healthy diet, and about doing exercises that can help you regain muscle tone.
how many people are affected by salih myopathy ? <sep> salih myopathy appears to be a rare disorder, although its prevalence is unknown. it has been reported in a small number of families of moroccan and sudanese descent.
what is the outlook for chiari malformation ? <sep> many people with type i cm are asymptomatic and do not know they have the condition. many individuals with the more severe types of cm and have surgery see a reduction in their symptoms and/or prolonged periods of relative stability, although paralysis is generally permanent.
is williams syndrome inherited ? <sep> is williams syndrome inherited?
how many people are affected by polycythemia vera ? <sep> the prevalence of polycythemia vera varies worldwide. the condition affects an estimated 44 to 57 per 100,000 individuals in the united states. for unknown reasons, men develop polycythemia vera more frequently than women.
how many people are affected by aniridia ? <sep> aniridia occurs in 1 in 50,000 to 100,000 newborns worldwide.
is renal nutcracker syndrome inherited ? <sep> is renal nutcracker syndrome inherited? renal nutcracker syndrome is not inherited. most cases occur sporadically in people with no family history of the condition. although more than one family member may rarely be affected, this is thought to be a coincidence and not the result of a genetic predisposition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for glossopharyngeal neuralgia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes at the national institutes of health conduct research related to gn and support additional research through grants to major research institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure disorders such as gn.
how many people are affected by isolated lissencephaly sequence ? <sep> ils affects approximately 1 in 100,000 newborns.
is proopiomelanocortin deficiency inherited ? <sep> pomc deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with this condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene. they typically do not have pomc deficiency, but they may have an increased risk of obesity.
what are the symptoms of anemia in chronic kidney disease ? <sep> the signs and symptoms of anemia in someone with ckd may include - weakness - fatigue, or feeling tired - headaches - problems with concentration - paleness - dizziness - difficulty breathing or shortness of breath - chest pain anyone having difficulty breathing or with shortness of breath should seek immediate medical care. anyone who has chest pain should call 911.
is recurrent hydatidiform mole inherited ? <sep> this condition is often inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means a woman has to have mutations in both copies of the gene in each of her cells to have recurrent hydatidiform mole pregnancies. because the mutations are present in all of a woman's cells, including oocytes (which need these genes to promote normal embryonic development), a hydatidiform mole will develop in each pregnancy that occurs with those egg cells.
is ethylmalonic encephalopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by keratitis-ichthyosis-deafness syndrome ? <sep> kid syndrome is a rare disorder. its prevalence is unknown. approximately 100 cases have been reported.
is combined malonic and methylmalonic aciduria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by partington syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of partington syndrome is unknown. about 20 cases have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by granulomatosis with polyangiitis ? <sep> gpa is a rare disorder that affects an estimated 3 in 100,000 people in the united states.
how to diagnose urachal cyst ? <sep> how is a urachal cyst diagnosed? the diagnosis of a urachal cyst may be suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. the following tests may then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis: ultrasound magnetic resonance imaging (mri scan) computed tomography (ct scan)
is primary sclerosing cholangitis inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of primary sclerosing cholangitis is unknown because many genetic and environmental factors are likely to be involved. this condition tends to cluster in families, however, and having an affected family member is a risk factor for developing the disease.
what causes marden-walker syndrome ? <sep> what causes marden-walker syndrome? the underlying cause of marden-walker syndrome has not been clearly established. it appears to be a developmental disorder of the central nervous system and is likely to be the expression of various heterogeneous diseases.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for tethered spinal cord syndrome ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on disorders of the spinal cord. the goals of this research are to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure these disorders.
is ataxia with vitamin e deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by x-linked infantile spasm syndrome ? <sep> infantile spasms are estimated to affect 1 to 1.6 in 100,000 individuals. this estimate includes x-linked infantile spasm syndrome as well as infantile spasms that have other causes.
how many people are affected by col4a1-related brain small-vessel disease ? <sep> col4a1-related brain small-vessel disease is a rare condition, although the exact prevalence is unknown. at least 50 individuals with this condition have been described in the scientific literature.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (cidp) ? <sep> the ninds supports a broad program of research on disorders of the nervous system, including cidp. much of this research is aimed at increasing the understanding of these disorders and finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
is branchiootorenal/branchiootic syndrome inherited ? <sep> bor/bo syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in about 90 percent of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. the remaining cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is hashimoto's syndrome inherited ? <sep> is hashimoto's syndrome inherited? the inheritance pattern of hashimoto's syndrome is unclear because many genetic and environmental factors appear to be involved. however, the condition can cluster in families, and having a close relative with hashimoto's syndrome or another autoimmune disorder likely increases a person's risk of developing the condition.
is meier-gorlin syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by central core disease ? <sep> central core disease is probably an uncommon condition, although its incidence is unknown.
how many people are affected by abetalipoproteinemia ? <sep> abetalipoproteinemia is a rare disorder with approximately 100 cases described worldwide.
what are the treatments for glutaric acidemia type i ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of glutaric acidemia type i: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: glutaric aciduria, type 1 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for tietz syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of tietz syndrome: - genetic testing registry: tietz syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is niemann-pick disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by zollinger-ellison syndrome ? <sep> zollinger-ellison syndrome is rare and only occurs in about one in every 1 million people.1 although anyone can get zollinger-ellison syndrome, the disease is more common among men 30 to 50 years old. a child who has a parent with men1 is also at increased risk for zollinger-ellison syndrome.2
how many people are affected by otopalatodigital syndrome type 1 ? <sep> otopalatodigital syndrome type 1 is a rare disorder, affecting fewer than 1 in every 100,000 individuals. its specific incidence is unknown.
how many people are affected by kleefstra syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of kleefstra syndrome is unknown. only recently has testing become available to distinguish it from other disorders with similar features.
what causes childhood central nervous system germ cell tumors ? <sep> the cause of most childhood cns germ cell tumors is not known.
how many people are affected by erdheim-chester disease ? <sep> erdheim-chester disease is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown. more than 500 affected individuals worldwide have been described in the medical literature. for unknown reasons, men are slightly more likely to develop the disease, accounting for about 60 percent of cases.
is nail-patella syndrome inherited ? <sep> nail-patella syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases may result from new mutations in the lmx1b gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for friedreich's ataxia ? <sep> there is currently no effective cure or treatment for friedreich's ataxia. however, many of the symptoms and accompanying complications can be treated to help individuals maintain optimal functioning as long as possible. diabetes and heart problems can be treated with medications. orthopedic problems such as foot deformities and scoliosis can be treated with braces or surgery. physical therapy may prolong use of the arms and legs.
what causes childhood brain stem glioma ? <sep> the cause of most childhood brain tumors is unknown.
how many people are affected by cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis ? <sep> the incidence of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis is estimated to be 3 to 5 per 100,000 people worldwide. this condition is more common in the moroccan jewish population with an incidence of 1 in 108 individuals.
how many people are affected by canavan disease ? <sep> while this condition occurs in people of all ethnic backgrounds, it is most common in people of ashkenazi (eastern and central european) jewish heritage. studies suggest that this disorder affects 1 in 6,400 to 13,500 people in the ashkenazi jewish population. the incidence in other populations is unknown.
what are the treatments for miller syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of miller syndrome: - genetic testing registry: miller syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of heart failure ? <sep> the most common symptoms of heart failure include shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, feeling tired, and swelling. swelling is caused by fluid build-up in the body. fluid buildup can lead to weight gain and frequent urination, as well as coughing.
how many people are affected by foxg1 syndrome ? <sep> foxg1 syndrome appears to be rare. at least 30 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by graves disease ? <sep> graves disease affects about 1 in 200 people. the disease occurs more often in women than in men, which may be related to hormonal factors. graves disease is the most common cause of thyroid overactivity (hyperthyroidism) in the united states.
how many people are affected by galactosialidosis ? <sep> the prevalence of galactosialidosis is unknown; more than 100 cases have been reported. approximately 60 percent of people with galactosialidosis have the juvenile/adult form. most people with this type of the condition are of japanese descent.
what are the symptoms of coccygodynia ? <sep> what signs and symptoms are associated with coccygodynia? the classic symptom is pain when pressure is applied to the tailbone, such as when sitting on a hard chair. symptoms usually improve with relief of pressure when standing or walking . other symptoms include : immediate and severe pain when moving from sitting to standing pain during bowel movements pain during sex deep ache in the region of the tailbone
what are the treatments for meralgia paresthetica ? <sep> treatment for meralgia paresthetica is symptomatic and supportive. the majority of cases improve with conservative treatment by wearing looser clothing and losing weight. medications used to treat neurogenic pain, such as anti-seizure or anti-depressant medications, may alleviate symptoms of pain. in a few cases, in which pain is persistent or severe, surgical intervention may be indicated.
is chanarin-dorfman syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is intranuclear rod myopathy inherited ? <sep> intranuclear rod myopathy is an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases are not inherited; they result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is autosomal dominant hyper-ige syndrome inherited ? <sep> ad-hies has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of an altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in about half of all cases caused by stat3 gene mutations, an affected person inherits the genetic change from an affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in this gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how to diagnose mantle cell lymphoma ? <sep> how is mantle cell lymphoma diagnosed? mantle cell lymphoma is diagnosed by a biopsy (surgical removal) of the lymph nodes. if lymph nodes are not easily accessible to be biopsied, a fine needle aspiration may be performed, but the diagnosis will not be definite. chromosome translocations in mantle cell lymphoma can be found by genetic molecular testing methods such as pcr and fish.
what are the treatments for oculofaciocardiodental syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of oculofaciocardiodental syndrome: - genetic testing registry: oculofaciocardiodental syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what to do for what i need to know about hepatitis a ? <sep> if you have hepatitis a, you should do things to take care of yourself, including eating a healthy diet. avoid drinking alcohol, which can harm the liver. talk with your doctor before taking vitamins and other supplements.
how many people are affected by familial osteochondritis dissecans ? <sep> familial osteochondritis dissecans is a rare condition, although the prevalence is unknown. sporadic osteochondritis dissecans is more common; it is estimated to occur in the knee in 15 to 29 per 100,000 individuals.
what are the treatments for anencephaly ? <sep> there is no cure or standard treatment for anencephaly. treatment is supportive.
how many people are affected by guanidinoacetate methyltransferase deficiency ? <sep> guanidinoacetate methyltransferase deficiency is a very rare disorder. about 80 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature. of these, approximately one-third are of portuguese origin.
what is (are) renal artery stenosis ? <sep> the kidneys are two bean-shaped organs, each about the size of a fist. they are located just below the rib cage, one on each side of the spine. every day, the two kidneys filter about 120 to 150 quarts of blood to produce about 1 to 2 quarts of urine, composed of wastes and extra fluid.
how many people are affected by autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy ? <sep> adnfle appears to be an uncommon form of epilepsy; its prevalence is unknown. this condition has been reported in more than 100 families worldwide.
do you have information about african american health <sep> summary : every racial or ethnic group has specific health concerns. differences in the health of groups can result from - genetics - environmental factors - access to care - cultural factors on this page, you'll find links to health issues that affect african americans.
what is (are) myhre syndrome ? <sep> myhre syndrome is a rare inherited disorder characterized by intellectual disability, short stature, unusual facial features, and various bone (skeletal) abnormalities. other findings may include hearing impairment, abnormal enlargement of the muscles (muscle hypertrophy), and/or joint stiffness. myhre syndrome is caused by mutations in the smad4 gene. this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern. most cases are due to a new mutation.
what are the treatments for warthin tumor ? <sep> how might warthin tumor be treated? treatment of warthin tumor generally includes surgery to remove the tumor or careful observation to watch for changes in the tumor over time. because warthin tumor is almost always benign, additional treatment (i.e. radiation therapy and/or chemotherapy) is rarely needed.
what are the treatments for chronic myelogenous leukemia ? <sep> see the pdq summary about chronic myelogenous leukemia treatment for information.
what is the outlook for dermatomyositis ? <sep> most cases of dermatomyositis respond to therapy. the disease is usually more severe and resistant to therapy in individuals with cardiac or pulmonary problems.
what is (are) serpiginous choroiditis ? <sep> serpiginous choroiditis is a rare inflammatory eye condition that typically develops between age 30 and 70 years. affected individuals have lesions in the eye that last from weeks to months and involve scarring of the eye tissue. recurrence of these lesions is common in serpiginous choroiditis. vision loss may occur in one or both eyes when the macula is involved. treatment options involve anti-inflammatory and immune-suppressing medications.
what are the treatments for spastic paraplegia type 15 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of spastic paraplegia type 15: - gene review: gene review: hereditary spastic paraplegia overview - spastic paraplegia foundation, inc: treatments and therapies these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is 48,xxyy syndrome inherited ? <sep> can 48,xxyy syndrome be inherited?
what is (are) dry eye ? <sep> national eye institute national institutes of health 2020 vision place bethesda, md 20892-3655 301-496-5248 e-mail: 2020@nei.nih.gov www.nei.nih.gov
how many people are affected by shprintzen-goldberg syndrome ? <sep> shprintzen-goldberg syndrome is a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. it is difficult to identify the number of affected individuals, because some cases diagnosed as shprintzen-goldberg syndrome may instead be marfan syndrome or loeys-dietz syndrome, which have overlapping signs and symptoms.
is microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type ii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for char syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of char syndrome: - gene review: gene review: char syndrome - genetic testing registry: char syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: patent ductus arteriosus these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by factor v leiden thrombophilia ? <sep> factor v leiden is the most common inherited form of thrombophilia. between 3 and 8 percent of people with european ancestry carry one copy of the factor v leiden mutation in each cell, and about 1 in 5,000 people have two copies of the mutation. the mutation is less common in other populations.
is achromatopsia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for essential tremor ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of essential tremor: - genetic testing registry: hereditary essential tremor 1 - johns hopkins movement disorders center - medlineplus encyclopedia: essential tremor these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for amniotic band syndrome ? <sep> how might amniotic band syndrome be treated? mild cases may not require treatment, however all bands need monitoring as growth occurs to watch for progressive constriction and swelling. other constrictions may require surgical management; surgical options will vary depending on the abnormality. people with amniotic band syndrome who have amputations may benefit from the use of prosthetics.
is hashimoto thyroiditis inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of hashimoto thyroiditis is unclear because many genetic and environmental factors appear to be involved. however, the condition can cluster in families, and having a close relative with hashimoto thyroiditis or another autoimmune disorder likely increases a person's risk of developing the condition.
how many people are affected by pitt-hopkins syndrome ? <sep> pitt-hopkins syndrome is thought to be a very rare condition. approximately 500 affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
what is the outlook for electrocardiogram ? <sep> after an electrocardiogram (ekg), the nurse or technician will remove the electrodes (soft patches) from your skin. you may develop a rash or redness where the ekg patches were attached. this mild rash often goes away without treatment. you usually can go back to your normal daily routine after an ekg.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for arachnoiditis ? <sep> within the ninds research programs, arachnoiditis is addressed primarily through studies associated with pain research. ninds vigorously pursues a research program seeking new treatments for pain and nerve damage with the ultimate goal of reversing debilitating conditions such as arachnoiditis.
is hereditary fructose intolerance inherited ? <sep> how is hereditary fructose intolerance (hfi) inherited? hfi is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, which means alterations (mutations) are present in both copies of the aldob gene. the parents of an individual with hfi each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typicaly do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> an estimated 400 million people worldwide have glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency. this condition occurs most frequently in certain parts of africa, asia, and the mediterranean. it affects about 1 in 10 african american males in the united states.
how many people are affected by saethre-chotzen syndrome ? <sep> saethre-chotzen syndrome has an estimated prevalence of 1 in 25,000 to 50,000 people.
how many people are affected by vacterl association ? <sep> vacterl association occurs in 1 in 10,000 to 40,000 newborns.
is hyper-igd syndrome inherited ? <sep> is hyper igd syndrome inherited? hyper igd syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition. about one half of patients have a positive family history.
what are the treatments for alternating hemiplegia ? <sep> drug therapy including verapamil may help to reduce the severity and duration of attacks of paralysis associated with the more serious form of alternating hemiplegia
how many people are affected by inherited thyroxine-binding globulin deficiency ? <sep> the complete form of inherited thyroxine-binding globulin deficiency, tbg-cd, affects about 1 in 15,000 newborns worldwide. the partial form, tbg-pd, affects about 1 in 4,000 newborns. these conditions appear to be more common in the australian aborigine population and in the bedouin population of southern israel.
how many people are affected by sost-related sclerosing bone dysplasia ? <sep> sost-related sclerosing bone dysplasia is a rare condition; its exact prevalence is unknown. approximately 100 individuals with sclerosteosis have been reported in the scientific literature. sclerosteosis is most common in the afrikaner population of south africa. van buchem disease has been reported in approximately 30 people. most people with van buchem disease are of dutch ancestry.
who is at risk for stroke? ? <sep> stroke occurs in all age groups, in both sexes, and in all races in every country. it can even occur before birth, when the fetus is still in the womb. studies show the risk of stroke doubles for each decade between the ages of 55 and 85. however, a recent study found that stroke rates are on the rise for people under 55.
is myosin storage myopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for paramyotonia congenita ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of paramyotonia congenita: - genetic testing registry: paramyotonia congenita of von eulenburg - periodic paralysis international: how is periodic paralysis diagnosed? these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is adenosine deaminase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by congenital leptin deficiency ? <sep> congenital leptin deficiency is a rare disorder. only a few dozen cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what is the outlook for spinal cord infarction ? <sep> recovery depends upon how quickly treatment is received and how severely the body is compromised. paralysis may persist for many weeks or be permanent. most individuals have a good chance of recovery.
who is at risk for vesicoureteral reflux? ? <sep> vesicoureteral reflux is more common in infants and young children, but older children and even adults can be affected. about 10 percent of children have vur.1 studies estimate that vur occurs in about 32 percent of siblings of an affected child. this rate may be as low as 7 percent in older siblings and as high as 100 percent in identical twins. these findings indicate that vur is an inherited condition.2
how many people are affected by ocular albinism ? <sep> the most common form of this disorder, ocular albinism type 1, affects at least 1 in 60,000 males. the classic signs and symptoms of this condition are much less common in females.
what to do for gastritis ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a major role in causing or preventing gastritis.
what causes retroperitoneal fibrosis ? <sep> what causes retroperitoneal fibrosis? the cause of retroperitoneal fibrosis is unknown in many cases (idiopathic). some cases occur in association with other factors, including: asbestos exposure smoking neoplasms (tumor) infections trauma radiotherapy surgery use of certain drugs
what are the treatments for hemoglobin e disease ? <sep> how might hemoglobin e disease be treated? treatment is usually not necessary. folic acid supplements may be prescribed to help the body produce normal red blood cells and improve symptoms of anemia. people with hemoglobin e disease can expect to lead a normal life.
how many people are affected by ataxia neuropathy spectrum ? <sep> the prevalence of ataxia neuropathy spectrum is unknown.
is myh9-related disorder inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. approximately 30 percent of cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is tk2-related mitochondrial dna depletion syndrome, myopathic form inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for ataxia ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with ataxia and cerebellar/spinocerebellar degeneration varies depending on its underlying cause.
what are the treatments for encephalitis lethargica ? <sep> treatment for encephalitis lethargica is symptomatic. levodopa and other antiparkinson drugs often produce dramatic responses.
how many people are affected by spastic paraplegia type 8 ? <sep> the prevalence of all hereditary spastic paraplegias combined is estimated to be 1 to 18 in 100,000 people worldwide. spastic paraplegia type 8 likely accounts for only a small percentage of all spastic paraplegia cases.
what causes acquired cystic kidney disease ? <sep> researchers do not fully understand what causes cysts to grow in the kidneys of people with ckd. the fact that these cysts occur only in the kidneys and not in other parts of the body, as in pkd, indicates that the processes that lead to cyst formation take place primarily inside the kidneys.2
how many people are affected by horizontal gaze palsy with progressive scoliosis ? <sep> hgpps has been reported in several dozen families worldwide.
what are the treatments for kyasanur forest disease (kfd) ? <sep> there is no specific treatment for kfd, but early hospitalization and supportive therapy is important. supportive therapy includes the maintenance of hydration and the usual precautions for patients with bleeding disorders.
what are the symptoms of copd ? <sep> the most common symptoms of copd are a cough that does not go away and coughing up a lot of sputum (mucus). these symptoms may occur years before lung damage has reduced the flow of air in and out of the lungs. other symptoms of copd include shortness of breath, especially with exercise; wheezing (a whistling sound when you breathe); and tightness in the chest.
what are the treatments for schindler disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of schindler disease: - genetic testing registry: kanzaki disease - genetic testing registry: schindler disease, type 1 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is 3-hydroxyacyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for iniencephaly ? <sep> the prognosis for infants with iniencephaly is extremely poor. newborns seldom survive much past childbirth. the distortions of the babys body also pose a danger to the mother's life during delivery.
what are the genetic changes related to klippel-trenaunay syndrome ? <sep> the cause of klippel-trenaunay syndrome is unknown. researchers suspect that the condition may result from changes in one or more genes that regulate the growth of blood vessels during embryonic development. however, no associated genes have been identified. it is also unclear how blood vessel malformations are related to the overgrowth of bones and soft tissues.
what are the symptoms of granuloma annulare ? <sep> what symptoms are associated with granuloma annulare? people with this condition usually notice a ring of small, firm bumps (papules) over the backs of the forearms, hands or feet. occasionally, multiple rings may be found. rarely, granuloma annulare may appear as a firm nodule under the skin of the arms or legs.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for encephalopathy ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on brain diseases. much of this research is aimed at characterizing the agents that cause these disorders, clarifying the mechanisms underlying them, and, ultimately, finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
how many people are affected by lacrimo-auriculo-dento-digital syndrome ? <sep> ladd syndrome appears to be a rare condition; at least 60 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by lennox-gastaut syndrome ? <sep> lennox-gastaut syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 50,000 to 1 in 100,000 children. this condition accounts for about 4 percent of all cases of childhood epilepsy. for unknown reasons, it appears to be more common in males than in females.
is meckel syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for repetitive motion disorders ? <sep> much of the on-going research on rmds is aimed at prevention and rehabilitation. the national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases (niams) funds research on rmds.
how many people are affected by sting-associated vasculopathy with onset in infancy ? <sep> the prevalence of this condition is unknown. only a few affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for occipital neuralgia ? <sep> treatment is generally symptomatic and includes massage and rest. in some cases, antidepressants may be used when the pain is particularly severe. other treatments may include local nerve blocks and injections of steroids directly into the affected area.
how to diagnose phacomatosis pigmentovascularis ? <sep> how might phacomatosis pigmentovascularis be diagnosed? diagnosis of phacomatosis pigmentovascularis is based primarily on physical evaluation and appearence of the skin lesions.
how many people are affected by lysinuric protein intolerance ? <sep> lysinuric protein intolerance is estimated to occur in 1 in 60,000 newborns in finland and 1 in 57,000 newborns in japan. outside these populations this condition occurs less frequently, but the exact incidence is unknown.
what are the treatments for erythrokeratodermia variabilis et progressiva ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ekvp: - genetic testing registry: erythrokeratodermia variabilis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is bradyopsia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by barth syndrome ? <sep> barth syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 300,000 to 400,000 individuals worldwide. more than 150 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by tetra-amelia syndrome ? <sep> tetra-amelia syndrome has been reported in only a few families worldwide.
is generalized arterial calcification of infancy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is acute promyelocytic leukemia inherited ? <sep> acute promyelocytic leukemia is not inherited but arises from a translocation in the body's cells that occurs after conception.
is renal oncocytoma inherited ? <sep> is a renal oncocytoma inherited? most renal oncocytomas are not inherited. they usually occur sporadically in people with no family history of tumors. however, in rare cases, they can occur in people with certain genetic syndromes such as tuberous sclerosis complex and birt-hogg-dube syndrome. both of these conditions are inherited in an autosomal dominant manner.
how many people are affected by triple a syndrome ? <sep> triple a syndrome is a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown.
is foxg1 syndrome inherited ? <sep> foxg1 syndrome is considered an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. all reported cases have resulted from new mutations or deletions involving the foxg1 gene and have occurred in people with no history of the disorder in their family. because the condition is so severe, no one with foxg1 syndrome has been known to have children.
how many people are affected by erythromelalgia ? <sep> the prevalence of erythromelalgia is unknown.
what are the treatments for foxg1 syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of foxg1 syndrome: - genetic testing registry: rett syndrome, congenital variant these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by ollier disease ? <sep> ollier disease is estimated to occur in 1 in 100,000 people.
what is the outlook for farber's disease ? <sep> most children with the classic form of farbers disease die by age 2, usually from lung disease. children born with the most severe form of the disease usually die within 6 months, while individuals having a milder form of the disease may live into their teenage years or young adulthood.
how many people are affected by emery-dreifuss muscular dystrophy ? <sep> x-linked emery-dreifuss muscular dystrophy is the most common form of this condition, affecting an estimated 1 in 100,000 people. the autosomal recessive type of this disorder appears to be very rare; only a few cases have been reported worldwide. the incidence of the autosomal dominant form is unknown.
what are the treatments for hypersomnia ? <sep> treatment is symptomatic in nature. stimulants, such as amphetamine, methylphenidate, and modafinil, may be prescribed. other drugs used to treat hypersomnia include clonidine, levodopa, bromocriptine, antidepressants, and monoamine oxidase inhibitors. changes in behavior (for example avoiding night work and social activities that delay bed time) and diet may offer some relief. patients should avoid alcohol and caffeine.
is canavan disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis a ? <sep> the liver is an organ that does many important things. you cannot live without a liver. *see the pronunciation guide for tips on how to say the words in bold type. the liver - removes harmful chemicals from your blood - fights infection - helps digest food - stores nutrients and vitamins - stores energy
what are the symptoms of hendra virus disease (hev) ? <sep> after an incubation of 9-16 days, infection with hendra virus can lead to respiratory illness with severe flu-like signs and symptoms. in some cases, illness may progress to encephalitis. although infection with hendra virus is rare, the case fatality is high: 4/7 (57%).
what causes copd ? <sep> cigarette smoking is the most common cause of copd. most people with copd are smokers or have been smokers in the past. breathing in other fumes and dusts over long periods of time can also lead to copd. pipe, cigar, and other types of tobacco smoking can cause copd, especially if the smoke is inhaled. exposure to secondhand smoke can play a role in causing copd. most people with copd are at least 40 years old or around middle age when symptoms start.
what are the treatments for floating-harbor syndrome ? <sep> how might floating-harbor syndrome be treated? treatment for floating-harbor syndrome is symptomatic and supportive. for example, dental problems and cataracts may be surgically corrected and sign language and/or speech therapy may help with delays in expressive language. additional management strategies may be obtained from the floating harbor syndrome support group at: http://www.floatingharborsyndromesupport.com/ or 336-492-2641.
how many people are affected by sick sinus syndrome ? <sep> sick sinus syndrome accounts for 1 in 600 patients with heart disease who are over age 65. the incidence of this condition increases with age.
how many people are affected by isovaleric acidemia ? <sep> isovaleric acidemia is estimated to affect at least 1 in 250,000 people in the united states.
what causes lemierre syndrome ? <sep> what causes lemierre syndrome? in about 90% of cases, lemierre syndrome is caused by fusobacterium necrophorum; however, the syndrome has also been reported with other bacteria, including stapylococcus aureus, bacteroides, eikenella, porphyromonas, prevotella, proteus, peptostreptococcus and streptococcus pyogenes.
what are the treatments for vitiligo ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of vitiligo: - genetic testing registry: vitiligo - vitiligo support international: vitiligo treatments and research these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by sensorineural deafness and male infertility ? <sep> the prevalence of sensorineural deafness and male infertility is unknown.
is complement component 2 deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by androgen insensitivity syndrome ? <sep> complete androgen insensitivity syndrome affects 2 to 5 per 100,000 people who are genetically male. partial androgen insensitivity is thought to be at least as common as complete androgen insensitivity. mild androgen insensitivity is much less common.
what are the treatments for parasites - schistosomiasis ? <sep> safe and effective medication is available for treatment of both urinary and intestinal schistosomiasis. praziquantel, a prescription medication, is taken for 1-2 days to treat infections caused by all schistosoma species. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
what are the treatments for leukonychia totalis ? <sep> how might leukonychia totalis be treated? there is no universally successful treatment for the whitening of the nails in people with leukonychia totalis. however, if the condition is known to have an underlying cause, treating that cause (when possible) may improve the condition.
is denys-drash syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is bart-pumphrey syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by kabuki syndrome ? <sep> kabuki syndrome occurs in approximately 1 in 32,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by hypochromic microcytic anemia with iron overload ? <sep> hypochromic microcytic anemia with iron overload is likely a rare disorder; at least five affected families have been reported in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for diabetic retinopathy ? <sep> yes. both treatments are very effective in reducing vision loss. people with proliferative retinopathy can reduce their risk of blindness by 95 percent with timely treatment and appropriate follow-up care. although both treatments have high success rates, they do not cure diabetic retinopathy. once you have proliferative retinopathy, you always will be at risk for new bleeding. you may need treatment more than once to protect your sight.
is aromatic l-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for gerstmann-straussler-scheinker disease ? <sep> there is no cure for gss, nor are there any known treatments to slow progression of the disease. current therapies are aimed at alleviating symptoms and making the patient as comfortable as possible.
how many people are affected by rothmund-thomson syndrome ? <sep> rothmund-thomson syndrome is a rare disorder; its incidence is unknown. about 300 people with this condition have been reported worldwide in scientific studies.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for neurological sequelae of lupus ? <sep> investigators researching lupus seek to increase scientific understanding of the disorder and to find ways to treat, prevent, and ultimately, cure it. several components of the national institutes of health support research on lupus.
how many people are affected by northern epilepsy ? <sep> northern epilepsy appears to affect only individuals of finnish ancestry, particularly those from the kainuu region of northern finland. approximately 1 in 10,000 individuals in this region have the condition.
how many people are affected by branchio-oculo-facial syndrome ? <sep> branchio-oculo-facial syndrome is a rare condition, although the prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by hereditary hyperekplexia ? <sep> the exact prevalence of hereditary hyperekplexia is unknown. this condition has been identified in more than 70 families worldwide.
how many people are affected by asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy ? <sep> asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy affects an estimated 1 in 100,000 to 130,000 people.
what are the treatments for pigmented purpuric eruption ? <sep> what treatment is available for pigmented purpuric eruption? there is no treatment that has been proven to be beneficial for people with pigmented purpuric eruption. however, some treatments have been reported to improve this condition, including pentoxifylline, aminaphtone, and photochemotherapy (puva).
what is (are) parasites - zoonotic hookworm ? <sep> there are many different species of hookworms, some are human parasites and some are animal parasites. people can be infected by larvae of animal hookworms, usually dog and cat hookworms. the most common result of animal hookworm infection is a skin condition called cutaneous larva migrans.
is familial dysautonomia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by 46,xx testicular disorder of sex development ? <sep> approximately 1 in 20,000 individuals with a male appearance have 46,xx testicular disorder.
what are the treatments for corticobasal degeneration ? <sep> there is no treatment available to slow the course of corticobasal degeneration, and the symptoms of the disease are generally resistant to therapy. drugs used to treat parkinson disease-type symptoms do not produce any significant or sustained improvement. clonazepam may help the myoclonus. occupational, physical, and speech therapy can help in managing disability.
how many people are affected by beare-stevenson cutis gyrata syndrome ? <sep> beare-stevenson cutis gyrata syndrome is a rare genetic disorder; its incidence is unknown. fewer than 20 people with this condition have been reported worldwide.
what are the treatments for hereditary sensory neuropathy type 1 ? <sep> how might hereditary sensory neuropathy type 1 be treated? management of hereditary sensory neuropathy type 1 generally follows the guidelines for diabetic foot care, including careful cleansing and protection of wounds and surgical care when needed. pain medications may be used by those who experience shooting pains.
is n-acetylglutamate synthase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by congenital afibrinogenemia ? <sep> congenital afibrinogenemia is a rare condition that occurs in approximately 1 in 1 million newborns.
what is the outlook for alexander disease ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with alexander disease is generally poor. most children with the infantile form do not survive past the age of 6. juvenile and adult onset forms of the disorder have a slower, more lengthy course.
how many people are affected by aarskog-scott syndrome ? <sep> aarskog-scott syndrome is believed to be a rare disorder; however, its prevalence is unknown because mildly affected people are often not diagnosed.
what causes what i need to know about kidney failure and how its treated ? <sep> diabetes and high blood pressure are the most common causes of kidney failure. other factors include heart and blood vessel disease and a family history of kidney failure. african americans, hispanics/latinos, and american indians are more likely to have kidney failure.
what is the outlook for schilder's disease ? <sep> as with multiple sclerosis, the course and prognosis of schilder's disease are unpredictable. for some individuals the disorder is progressive with a steady, unremitting course. others may experience significant improvement and even remission. in some cases, schilder's disease is fatal.
how to diagnose rickets ? <sep> how is rickets diagnosed? rickets is typically diagnosed using specific blood tests and x-rays. blood tests usually show low levels of calcium and phosphorus and high levels of alkaline phosphatase. bone x-rays may show areas with calcium loss or changes in bone shape. bone biopsies are rarely performed, but can confirm the diagnosis of rickets.
what are the treatments for buschke-ollendorff syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of buschke-ollendorff syndrome: - genetic testing registry: dermatofibrosis lenticularis disseminata these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for pseudoxanthoma elasticum ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pseudoxanthoma elasticum: - gene review: gene review: pseudoxanthoma elasticum - genetic testing registry: pseudoxanthoma elasticum these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) pudendal neuralgia ? <sep> pudendal neuralgia occurs when the pudendal nerve is injured or compressed. symptoms include pain, burning, tingling, or numbness in the pelvic or buttock areas; symptoms worsen while an affected individual is in a sitting position. the cause of pudendal neuralgia is unknown. treatment includes nerve block of the pudendal nerve or surgery to remove surrounding tissues that might be pressing on the nerve.
what are the treatments for sheldon-hall syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sheldon-hall syndrome: - gillette children's hospital - nyu langone medical center these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by muckle-wells syndrome ? <sep> muckle-wells syndrome is a rare disorder. it has been reported in many regions of the world, but its prevalence is unknown.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for moebius syndrome ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a broad range of research on neurogenetic disorders, including moebius syndrome. the goals of these studies are to develop improved techniques to diagnose, treat, and eventually cure these disorders.
is multiple system atrophy inherited ? <sep> most cases of multiple system atrophy are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. rarely, the condition has been reported to run in families; however, it does not have a clear pattern of inheritance.
what are the symptoms of what i need to know about crohn's disease ? <sep> crohn's disease symptoms can be different for each person. the most common symptoms of crohns disease are - abdominal painoften in the lower right area of the abdomen - diarrhea - bleeding in the rectum, which can be seen in a persons underwear, in the toilet, or in a bowel movement; rectal bleeding can be serious and may not stop without medical help - weight loss - fever
how many people are affected by autosomal dominant hypocalcemia ? <sep> the prevalence of autosomal dominant hypocalcemia is unknown. the condition is likely underdiagnosed because it often causes no signs or symptoms.
what are the treatments for ring chromosome 14 syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ring chromosome 14 syndrome: - genetic testing registry: ring chromosome 14 - medlineplus encyclopedia: chromosome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for proteus syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of proteus syndrome: - gene review: gene review: proteus syndrome - genetic testing registry: proteus syndrome - proteus syndrome foundation: diagnostic criteria and faqs these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes what i need to know about hirschsprung disease ? <sep> before birth, a childs nerve cells normally grow along the intestines in the direction of the anus. with hd, the nerve cells stop growing too soon. why the nerve cells stop growing is unclear. some hd is inherited, meaning it is passed from parent to child through genes. hd is not caused by anything a mother did while pregnant.
how many people are affected by alg12-congenital disorder of glycosylation ? <sep> alg12-cdg is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. only a handful of affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for trismus-pseudocamptodactyly syndrome ? <sep> how might trismus-pseudocamptodactyly syndrome be treated? while the best treatment options for trismus-pseudocamptodactyly syndrome have not been well established cases of improvement of mouth mobility following surgery and physical therapy have been reported in the medical literature. we recommend that you speak with your healthcare provider to learn more about specific treatment options.
what is the outlook for paroxysmal choreoathetosis ? <sep> generally, paroxysmal choreoathetosis lessens with age, and many adults have a complete remission. because drug therapy is so effective, the prognosis for the disorder is good.
what causes prinzmetal's variant angina ? <sep> what causes prinzmetal's variant angina? prinzmetal's variant angina is caused by coronary artery spasms. a coronary artery spasm is a temporary, abrupt, and focal (restricted to one location) contraction of the muscles in the wall of an artery in the heart. this spasm constricts the artery, slowing or stoping blood flow. a prolonged spasm can cause chest pain, or even a heart attack (myocardial infarction).
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for gerstmann's syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research on disorders that result from damage to the brain such as dysgraphia. the ninds and other components of the national institutes of health also support research on learning disabilities. current research avenues focus on developing techniques to diagnose and treat learning disabilities and increase understanding of the biological basis of them.
is shwachman-diamond syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for klver-bucy syndrome ? <sep> ninds supports and conducts research on neurobehavioral disorders such as klver-bucy syndrome. much of the research focuses on learning more about these disorders and finding ways to prevent and treat them.
what are the symptoms of glaucoma ? <sep> at first, open-angle glaucoma has no symptoms. it causes no pain. vision seems normal. without treatment, people with glaucoma will slowly lose their peripheral, or side vision. they seem to be looking through a tunnel. over time, straight-ahead vision may decrease until no vision remains.
who is at risk for anal cancer? ? <sep> being infected with the human papillomavirus (hpv) increases the risk of developing anal cancer. risk factors include the following: - being infected with human papillomavirus (hpv). - having many sexual partners. - having receptive anal intercourse (anal sex). - being older than 50 years. - frequent anal redness, swelling, and soreness. - having anal fistulas (abnormal openings). - smoking cigarettes.
how many people are affected by adenosine deaminase deficiency ? <sep> adenosine deaminase deficiency is very rare and is estimated to occur in approximately 1 in 200,000 to 1,000,000 newborns worldwide. this disorder is responsible for approximately 15 percent of scid cases.
what is the outlook for todd's paralysis ? <sep> todd's paralysis is an indication that an individual has had an epileptic seizure. the outcome depends on the effects of the seizure and the subsequent treatment of the epilepsy.
how many people are affected by peutz-jeghers syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of this condition is uncertain; estimates range from 1 in 25,000 to 300,000 individuals.
is multiple pterygium syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to diagnose alopecia universalis ? <sep> how is alopecia universalis diagnosed? a diagnosis of alopecia universalis is usually based on the signs and symptoms present in each person. in rare cases, a scalp biopsy may be needed to confirm the diagnosis.
what is (are) leukemia ? <sep> biological therapy is a treatment that uses a person's own immune system to fight leukemia. this therapy uses special substances to stimulate the immune system's ability to fight cancer. some patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia receive monoclonal antibodies, which are man-made proteins that can identify leukemia cells and help the body kill them.
what are the symptoms of hypoglycemia ? <sep> hypoglycemia causes symptoms such as - hunger - shakiness - nervousness - sweating - dizziness or light-headedness - sleepiness - confusion - difficulty speaking - anxiety - weakness hypoglycemia can also happen during sleep. some signs of hypoglycemia during sleep include - crying out or having nightmares - finding pajamas or sheets damp from perspiration - feeling tired, irritable, or confused after waking up
what is the outlook for gerstmann-straussler-scheinker disease ? <sep> gss is a slowly progressive condition usually lasting from 2 to 10 years. the disease ultimately causes severe disability and finally death, often after the patient goes into a coma or has a secondary infection such as aspiration pneumonia due to an impaired ability to swallow.
is zap70-related severe combined immunodeficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the symptoms of sideroblastic anemia ? <sep> what are the symptoms of sideroblastic anemia? the symptoms of sideroblastic anemia are the same as for any anemia and iron overload. these may include fatigue, weakness, palpitations, shortness of breath, headaches, irritability, and chest pain. physical findings may include pallor, tachycardia, hepatosplenomegaly, s3 gallop, jugular vein distension, and rales.
is autosomal dominant hypocalcemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. a small number of cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for multiple sulfatase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of multiple sulfatase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: multiple sulfatase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by tk2-related mitochondrial dna depletion syndrome, myopathic form ? <sep> the prevalence of tk2-mds is unknown. approximately 45 cases have been described.
what is the outlook for cerebellar hypoplasia ? <sep> the prognosis is dependent upon the underlying disorder. some of the disorders that are associated with cerebellar hypoplasia are progressive, which means the condition will worsen over time, and will most likely have a poor prognosis. other disorders that feature cerebellar hypoplasia are not progressive, such as those that are the result of abnormal brain formation during fetal development, and might have a better outcome.
how many people are affected by globozoospermia ? <sep> globozoospermia is a rare condition that is estimated to affect 1 in 65,000 men. it is most common in north africa, where it accounts for approximately 1 in 100 cases of male infertility.
what are the treatments for klippel feil syndrome ? <sep> treatment for klippel-feil syndrome is symptomatic and may include surgery to relieve cervical or craniocervical instability and constriction of the spinal cord, and to correct scoliosis. physical therapy may also be useful.
what are the treatments for dowling-degos disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of dowling-degos disease: - cleveland clinic: skin care concerns - genetic testing registry: reticulate acropigmentation of kitamura these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for cerebellar hypoplasia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) supports research related to cerebellar hypoplasia and its associated disorders through grants to major research institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure disorders that feature cerebellar hypoplasia.
what are the treatments for parasites - trichinellosis (also known as trichinosis) ? <sep> safe and effective prescription drugs are available to treat both trichinella infection and the symptoms that occur as a result of infection. treatment should begin as soon as possible; a doctor will make the decision to treat based upon symptoms, exposure to raw or undercooked meat, and laboratory test results. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis a ? <sep> hepatitis* a is a virus, or infection, that causes liver disease and inflammation of the liver. viruses can cause sickness. for example, the flu is caused by a virus. people can pass viruses to each other. inflammation is swelling that occurs when tissues of the body become injured or infected. inflammation can cause organs to not work properly.
how many people are affected by adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency ? <sep> adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency is a rare disorder; fewer than 100 cases have been reported. the condition is most common in the netherlands and belgium, but it has been found worldwide.
what are the treatments for dystonias ? <sep> no one treatment has been found to be universally effective. instead, doctors use a variety of therapies (medications, surgery, and other treatments such as physical therapy, splinting, stress management, and biofeedback) aimed at reducing or eliminating muscle spasms and pain. since response to drugs varies among individuals and even in the same person over time, the most effective therapy is often individualized.
is troyer syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for apraxia ? <sep> the ninds supports research on movement disorders and conditions such as apraxia. the goals of this research are to increase scientific understanding of these disorders, and to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
how many people are affected by adenosine monophosphate deaminase deficiency ? <sep> amp deaminase deficiency is one of the most common inherited muscle disorders in white populations, affecting 1 in 50 to 100 people. the prevalence is lower in african americans, affecting an estimated 1 in 40,000 people, and the condition is even less common in the japanese population.
what are the treatments for congenital neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of congenital neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis: - genetic testing registry: neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis, congenital these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by diastrophic dysplasia ? <sep> although the exact incidence of this condition is unknown, researchers estimate that it affects about 1 in 100,000 newborns. diastrophic dysplasia occurs in all populations but appears to be particularly common in finland.
how many people are affected by hypochondroplasia ? <sep> the incidence of hypochondroplasia is unknown. researchers believe that it may be about as common as achondroplasia, which occurs in 1 in 15,000 to 40,000 newborns. more than 200 people worldwide have been diagnosed with hypochondroplasia.
how to diagnose glycogen storage disease type 13 ? <sep> how is glycogen storage disease type 13 diagnosed? glycogen storage disease type 13 is diagnosed by taking a sample of muscle tissue (muscle biopsy) to determine if there is enough of the chemical enolase working in the muscle cells. genetic testing can also be done to look for changes (mutations) in the eno3 gene.
what is (are) breast cancer ? <sep> when cancer spreads from its original location in the breast to another part of the body such as the brain, it is called metastatic breast cancer, not brain cancer. doctors sometimes call this "distant" disease.
is townes-brocks syndrome inherited ? <sep> is townes-brocks syndrome genetic? yes. townes-brocks syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion, which means that one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in about 50% of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from an affected parent. the other 50% have the condition as a result of a new (de novo) mutation.
what are the treatments for bladder cancer ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of bladder cancer: - genetic testing registry: malignant tumor of urinary bladder - medlineplus encyclopedia: bladder cancer these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by dubin-johnson syndrome ? <sep> although dubin-johnson syndrome occurs in people of all ethnic backgrounds, it is more common among iranian and moroccan jews living in israel. studies suggest that this disorder affects 1 in 1,300 iranian jews in israel. additionally, several people in the japanese population have been diagnosed with dubin-johnson syndrome. this condition appears to be less common in other countries.
what is the outlook for fibromuscular dysplasia ? <sep> currently there is no cure for fmd. medicines and angioplasty can reduce the risk of initial or recurrent stroke. in rare cases, fmd-related aneurysms can burst and bleed into the brain, causing stroke, permanent nerve damage, or death.
is wolman disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by emanuel syndrome ? <sep> emanuel syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. more than 100 individuals with this condition have been reported.
is antiphospholipid syndrome inherited ? <sep> most cases of antiphospholipid syndrome are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. rarely, the condition has been reported to run in families; however, it does not have a clear pattern of inheritance. multiple genetic and environmental factors likely play a part in determining the risk of developing antiphospholipid syndrome.
is bardet-biedl syndrome inherited ? <sep> bardet-biedl syndrome is typically inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of a bbs gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for orthostatic hypotension ? <sep> the ninds supports research on conditions such as neurogenic orthostatic hypotension aimed at increasing scientific understanding of the condition and finding ways to treat and prevent it.
what are the treatments for glucose-galactose malabsorption ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of glucose-galactose malabsorption: - genetic testing registry: congenital glucose-galactose malabsorption these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is glass-chapman-hockley syndrome inherited ? <sep> how is glass-chapman-hockley syndrome inherited? based on the only family that has been reported in the medical literature, to date, the syndrome is believed to be inherited in an autosomal dominant manner.
what is the outlook for tabes dorsalis ? <sep> if left untreated, tabes dorsalis can lead to paralysis, dementia, and blindness. existing nerve damage cannot be reversed.
do you have information about children's page <sep> summary : kids, this page is for you. learn about everything from how the body works to what happens when you go to the hospital. there are quizzes, games and lots of cool web sites for you to explore. have fun!
how many people are affected by glycogen storage disease type i ? <sep> the overall incidence of gsdi is 1 in 100,000 individuals. gsdia is more common than gsdib, accounting for 80 percent of all gsdi cases.
is empty sella syndrome inherited ? <sep> is empty sella syndrome inherited? empty sella syndrome (ess) is typically not inherited. we are aware of one report of familial ess, occurring in a father and two children. some researchers believe that a defect present at birth may play a role in the development of the condition, but are unsure whether the defect directly causes ess or is only a predisposing factor.
how many people are affected by hereditary hemochromatosis ? <sep> type 1 hemochromatosis is one of the most common genetic disorders in the united states, affecting about 1 million people. it most often affects people of northern european descent. the other types of hemochromatosis are considered rare and have been studied in only a small number of families worldwide.
what causes sideroblastic anemia pyridoxine-refractory autosomal recessive ? <sep> what causes sideroblastic anemia pyridoxine-refractory autosomal recessive? sideroblastic anemia pyridoxine-refractory autosomal recessive is caused by mutations in the slc25a38 gene. it is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion. click here to learn more about autosomal recessive inheritance.
is atelosteogenesis type 2 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is behet disease inherited ? <sep> most cases of behet disease are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. a small percentage of all cases have been reported to run in families; however, the condition does not have a clear pattern of inheritance.
is pseudoachondroplasia inherited ? <sep> how is pseudoachondroplasia inherited? pseudoachondroplasia is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means having one altered copy of the comp gene in each cell is enough to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what is the outlook for multifocal motor neuropathy ? <sep> improvement in muscle strength usually begins within 3 to 6 weeks after treatment is started. most patients who receive treatment early experience little, if any, disability. however, there is evidence of slow progression over many years.
what are the treatments for adiposis dolorosa ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of adiposis dolorosa: - genetic testing registry: lipomatosis dolorosa - merck manual consumer version: lipomas these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by familial idiopathic basal ganglia calcification ? <sep> fibgc is thought to be a rare disorder; about 60 affected families have been described in the medical literature. however, because brain imaging tests are needed to recognize the calcium deposits, this condition is believed to be underdiagnosed.
how many people are affected by pseudoachondroplasia ? <sep> the exact prevalence of pseudoachondroplasia is unknown; it is estimated to occur in 1 in 30,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by mal de meleda ? <sep> mal de meleda is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. the disorder was first identified on the croatian island of mjlet (called meleda in italian) and has since been found in populations worldwide.
what are the treatments for systemic scleroderma ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of systemic scleroderma: - cedars-sinai medical center - genetic testing registry: scleroderma, familial progressive - university of maryland medical center these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by myoclonic epilepsy with ragged-red fibers ? <sep> merrf is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. merrf is part of a group of conditions known as mitochondrial disorders, which affect an estimated 1 in 5,000 people worldwide.
what is (are) heart attack ? <sep> more detailed information on heart attacks is available at www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health/dci.
how many people are affected by phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> this condition is likely a rare disorder, but its prevalence is unknown. at least 15 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for kennedy's disease ? <sep> currently there is no known cure for kennedy's disease. treatment is symptomatic and supportive. physical therapy and rehabilitation to slow muscle weakness and atrophy may prove helpful.
is smith-lemli-opitz syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for dystonia 6 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of dystonia 6: - gene review: gene review: dystonia overview - genetic testing registry: dystonia 6, torsion these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for frontotemporal dementia with parkinsonism-17 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ftdp-17: - gene review: gene review: mapt-related disorders - genetic testing registry: frontotemporal dementia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by progressive pseudorheumatoid dysplasia ? <sep> pprd has been estimated to occur in approximately 1 per million people in the united kingdom. the condition is thought to be more common in turkey and the middle east, although its prevalence in these regions is unknown. the condition in all regions is likely underdiagnosed because it is often misdiagnosed as juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
how to diagnose osteochondritis dissecans ? <sep> how is osteochondritis dissecans diagnosed? a diagnosis of osteochondritis dissecans is usually suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. additional testing can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. these test may include x-rays, magnetic resonance imaging (mri) and/or computed tomography (ct scan). for more information about the diagnosis of osteochondritis dissecans, please click here.
how many people are affected by cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome ? <sep> cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome is a very rare condition whose incidence is unknown. researchers estimate that 200 to 300 people worldwide have this condition.
what are the treatments for x-linked creatine deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of x-linked creatine deficiency: - gene review: gene review: creatine deficiency syndromes - genetic testing registry: creatine deficiency, x-linked these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for hypotrichosis simplex ? <sep> is there treatment for hypotrichosis simplex? is there hope for hair growth in the future? individuals with hypotrichosis simplex experience a gradual loss of scalp hair that begins during the middle of the first decade and results in almost complete loss of hair by the third decade. a few sparse, fine, short hairs may remain in some individuals. there is currently no treatment for hypotrichosis simplex.
how many people are affected by hereditary angiopathy with nephropathy, aneurysms, and muscle cramps syndrome ? <sep> hanac syndrome is a rare condition, although the exact prevalence is unknown. at least six affected families have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by proopiomelanocortin deficiency ? <sep> pomc deficiency is a rare condition; approximately 50 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for cataract ? <sep> the symptoms of early cataract may be improved with new eyeglasses, brighter lighting, anti-glare sunglasses, or magnifying lenses. if these measures do not help, surgery is the only effective treatment. surgery involves removing the cloudy lens and replacing it with an artificial lens.
what is the outlook for hypersomnia ? <sep> the prognosis for persons with hypersomnia depends on the cause of the disorder. while the disorder itself is not life threatening, it can have serious consequences, such as automobile accidents caused by falling asleep while driving. the attacks usually continue indefinitely.
how many people are affected by corticosteroid-binding globulin deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of corticosteroid-binding globulin deficiency is unknown, but it is thought to be a rare disorder. however, because some people with the disorder have mild or no symptoms, it is likely that corticosteroid-binding globulin deficiency is underdiagnosed.
is tangier disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by rett syndrome ? <sep> this condition affects an estimated 1 in 8,500 females.
how many people are affected by ring chromosome 20 syndrome ? <sep> ring chromosome 20 syndrome appears to be a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. more than 60 affected individuals have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by esophageal atresia/tracheoesophageal fistula ? <sep> ea/tef occurs in 1 in 3,000 to 5,000 newborns.
what are the treatments for spinocerebellar ataxia type 6 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sca6: - gene review: gene review: spinocerebellar ataxia type 6 - genetic testing registry: spinocerebellar ataxia 6 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) cronkhite-canada disease ? <sep> cronkhite-canada syndrome is a rare gastrointestinal disorder characterized by widespread colon polyps, unhealthy looking (dystrophic) nails, hair loss (alopecia), darkening skin (such as on the hands, arms, neck and face), diarrhea, weight loss, stomach pain, and/or excess fluid accumulation in arms and legs (peripheral edema). the cause of the condition is not known. treatment aims to control symptoms and provide adequate nutrition.
what are the treatments for schizencephaly ? <sep> treatment generally consists of physical therapy and drugs to prevent seizures. in cases that are complicated by hydrocephalus, a surgically implanted tube, called a shunt, is often used to divert fluid to another area of the body where it can be absorbed.
how many people are affected by pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency is believed to be a rare condition; however, its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by congenital central hypoventilation syndrome ? <sep> cchs is a relatively rare disorder. approximately 1,000 individuals with this condition have been identified. researchers believe that some cases of sudden infant death syndrome (sids) or sudden unexplained death in children may be caused by undiagnosed cchs.
how many people are affected by familial encephalopathy with neuroserpin inclusion bodies ? <sep> this condition appears to be rare; only a few affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by heart failure ? <sep> approximately 5 million people in the united states have heart failure. it contributes to 300,000 deaths each year. it is the number one cause of hospitalizations for people over the age of 65.
how many people are affected by camurati-engelmann disease ? <sep> the prevalence of camurati-engelmann disease is unknown. approximately 200 cases have been reported worldwide.
what is the outlook for tremor ? <sep> although tremor is not life-threatening, it can be embarrassing to some people and make it harder to perform daily tasks.
is miyoshi myopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is cherubism inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what causes hirschsprung's disease ? <sep> what causes hirschsprung disease? there are a number of different causes of hirschsprung disease (hscr). for example, hscr may occur as: a part of a syndrome in association with a chromosome anomaly (such as trisomy 21 or down syndrome) along with other birth defects but not as a part of a known syndrome as an isolated condition
how many people are affected by ppm-x syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of ppm-x syndrome is unknown.
what are the treatments for tubular aggregate myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of tubular aggregate myopathy: - genetic testing registry: myopathy with tubular aggregates these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for pyruvate carboxylase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pyruvate carboxylase deficiency: - gene review: gene review: pyruvate carboxylase deficiency - genetic testing registry: pyruvate carboxylase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of kidney stones in adults ? <sep> people with kidney stones may have pain while urinating, see blood in the urine, or feel a sharp pain in the back or lower abdomen. the pain may last for a short or long time. people may experience nausea and vomiting with the pain. however, people who have small stones that pass easily through the urinary tract may not have symptoms at all.
how many people are affected by kniest dysplasia ? <sep> kniest dysplasia is a rare condition; the exact incidence is unknown.
is infantile-onset ascending hereditary spastic paralysis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by alagille syndrome ? <sep> the estimated prevalence of alagille syndrome is 1 in 70,000 newborns. this figure is based on diagnoses of liver disease in infants, and may be an underestimation because some people with alagille syndrome do not develop liver disease during infancy.
how many people are affected by protein s deficiency ? <sep> mild protein s deficiency is estimated to occur in approximately 1 in 500 individuals. severe protein s deficiency is rare; however, its exact prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for nakajo-nishimura syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of nakajo-nishimura syndrome: - genetic testing registry: nakajo syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for craniofacial-deafness-hand syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of craniofacial-deafness-hand syndrome: - genetic testing registry: craniofacial deafness hand syndrome - johns hopkins children's center: hearing loss these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is 2-methylbutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by microvillus inclusion disease ? <sep> the prevalence of microvillus inclusion disease is unknown. at least 200 cases have been reported in europe, although this condition occurs worldwide.
how many people are affected by adermatoglyphia ? <sep> adermatoglyphia appears to be a rare condition. only a few affected families have been identified worldwide.
is inclusion body myopathy with early-onset paget disease and frontotemporal dementia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how to diagnose punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type i ? <sep> how is punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type i diagnosed? features that support the diagnosis of punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type i include a positive family history (i.e., other affected family members), the presence of multiple tiny hard rounded bumps of thickened skin on the hands and feet, and certain cell histology (i.e., appearance of skin samples when viewed under a microscope).
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> a desirable level for total cholesterol is less than 200 mg/dl. here are the ranges for total cholesterol levels. do you know how your total cholesterol level compares?
what is the outlook for dementia with lewy bodies ? <sep> like alzheimers disease and parkinsons disease, dlb is a neurodegenerative disorder that results in progressive intellectual and functional deterioration. there are no known therapies to stop or slow the progression of dlb. average survival after the time of diagnosis is similar to that in alzheimers disease, about 8 years, with progressively increasing disability.
how many people are affected by ophthalmo-acromelic syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of ophthalmo-acromelic syndrome is not known; approximately 35 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by familial paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia ? <sep> familial paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia is a very rare disorder. its prevalence is estimated to be 1 in 5 million people.
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> the coronary arteries bring blood to your heart. if plaque builds up in these arteries, the blood may not be able to bring enough oxygen to the heart muscle. this is called coronary heart disease.
is glycogen storage disease type 0 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the symptoms of dry mouth ? <sep> dry mouth can be uncomfortable. some people notice a sticky, dry feeling in the mouth. others notice a burning feeling or difficulty while eating. the throat may feel dry, too, and swallowing without extra fluids can often be difficult. also, people with dry mouth may develop mouth sores, cracked lips, and a dry, rough tongue.
how many people are affected by acral peeling skin syndrome ? <sep> acral peeling skin syndrome is a rare condition, with several dozen cases reported in the medical literature. however, because its signs and symptoms tend to be mild and similar to those of other skin disorders, the condition is likely underdiagnosed.
how many people are affected by pompe disease ? <sep> pompe disease affects about 1 in 40,000 people in the united states. the incidence of this disorder varies among different ethnic groups.
how many people are affected by pseudocholinesterase deficiency ? <sep> pseudocholinesterase deficiency occurs in 1 in 3,200 to 1 in 5,000 people. it is more common in certain populations, such as the persian jewish community and alaska natives.
is hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is arterial tortuosity syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) ectopic kidney ? <sep> an ectopic kidney is a birth defect in which a kidney is located below, above, or on the opposite side of its usual position. about one in 900 people has an ectopic kidney.1
how many people are affected by 17 alpha-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase deficiency ? <sep> 17-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase deficiency accounts for about 1 percent of congenital adrenal hyperplasia cases. it is estimated to occur in 1 in 1 million people worldwide.
how many people are affected by timothy syndrome ? <sep> timothy syndrome is a rare condition; fewer than 20 people with this disorder have been reported worldwide. the classic type of timothy syndrome appears to be more common than the atypical type, which has been identified in only two individuals.
what are the treatments for sandhoff disease ? <sep> there is no specific treatment for sandhoff disease. supportive treatment includes proper nutrition and hydration and keeping the airway open. anticonvulsants may initially control seizures.
what causes mycobacterium malmoense ? <sep> how are mycobacterium malmoense infections contracted? m. malmoense infection may be acquired by breathing in or ingesting the bacteria, or through trauma, such as an injury or surgical incision. people who have suppressed immune systems are at an increased risk for developing signs and symptoms from these infections.
is isolated pierre robin sequence inherited ? <sep> isolated pierre robin sequence is usually not inherited. it typically results from new genetic changes and occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family. when the condition is inherited, it follows an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered dna in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is sjgren-larsson syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for neurotoxicity ? <sep> the prognosis depends upon the length and degree of exposure and the severity of neurological injury. in some instances, exposure to neurotoxicants can be fatal. in others, patients may survive but not fully recover. in other situations, many individuals recover completely after treatment.
how many people are affected by paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria ? <sep> paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria is a rare disorder, estimated to affect between 1 and 5 per million people.
how many people are affected by d-bifunctional protein deficiency ? <sep> d-bifunctional protein deficiency is estimated to affect 1 in 100,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by weaver syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of weaver syndrome is unknown. about 50 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
is van der woude syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition. occasionally, an individual who has a copy of the altered gene does not show any signs or symptoms of the disorder.
how many people are affected by branchiootorenal/branchiootic syndrome ? <sep> researchers estimate that bor/bo syndrome affects about 1 in 40,000 people.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for ataxia ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts a broad range of basic and clinical research on cerebellar and spinocerebellar degeneration, including work aimed at finding the cause(s) of ataxias and ways to treat, cure, and, ultimately, prevent them. scientists are optimistic that understanding the genetics of these disorders may lead to breakthroughs in treatment.
what is (are) fanconi renotubular syndrome ? <sep> fanconi syndrome is a condition in which the kidneys do not absorb certain substances into the body. these substances, such as cysteine, fructose, galactose, or glycogen, are lost in the urine. fanconi syndrome is thought to be caused by genetic and environmental factors, and it may be diagnosed at any age. symptoms of fanconi syndrome include increased urine production (which may cause dehydration), weakness, and abnormalities of the bones.
is arginine:glycine amidinotransferase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for coma ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) conduct research related to coma in their laboratories at the nih and also support additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent and treat coma.
how many people are affected by gorlin syndrome ? <sep> gorlin syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 31,000 people. while more than 1 million new cases of basal cell carcinoma are diagnosed each year in the united states, fewer than 1 percent of these skin cancers are related to gorlin syndrome.
what is (are) what i need to know about erectile dysfunction ? <sep> erectile dysfunction* is when you cannot get or keep an erection firm enough to have sex. you may have ed if you - can get an erection sometimes, though not every time - can get an erection, yet it does not last long enough for sex - are unable to get an erection at all ed is sometimes called impotence; however, doctors use this term less often now. *see the pronunciation guide for tips on how to say the words in bold type.
who is at risk for age-related macular degeneration? ? <sep> amd is most common in older people, but it can occur during middle age. the risk increases with age. other risk factors include smoking, obesity, white race, family history of amd, and female gender.
how many people are affected by carbamoyl phosphate synthetase i deficiency ? <sep> carbamoyl phosphate synthetase i deficiency is a rare disorder; its overall incidence is unknown. researchers in japan have estimated that it occurs in 1 in 800,000 newborns in that country.
what are the treatments for wernicke-korsakoff syndrome ? <sep> how might wernicke-korsakoff syndrome be treated?
how many people are affected by harlequin ichthyosis ? <sep> harlequin ichthyosis is very rare; its exact incidence is unknown.
how many people are affected by 47,xyy syndrome ? <sep> this condition occurs in about 1 in 1,000 newborn boys. five to 10 boys with 47,xyy syndrome are born in the united states each day.
how many people are affected by urinary tract infections in children ? <sep> urinary tract infections affect about 3 percent of children in the united states every year. utis account for more than 1 million visits to pediatricians offices every year.1
what is (are) parasites - hookworm ? <sep> hookworm is an intestinal parasite of humans. the larvae and adult worms live in the small intestine can cause intestinal disease. the two main species of hookworm infecting humans are ancylostoma duodenale and necator americanus.
what is (are) lung cancer ? <sep> lung cancer occurs when malignant tumors form in the tissue of the lung. the lungs are a pair of sponge-like organs. the right lung has three sections, called lobes, and is larger than the left lung, which has two lobes.
how to prevent microscopic colitis: collagenous colitis and lymphocytic colitis ? <sep> researchers do not know how to prevent microscopic colitis. however, researchers do believe that people who follow the recommendations of their health care provider may be able to prevent relapses of microscopic colitis.
how to prevent whipple disease ? <sep> experts have not yet found a way to prevent whipple disease.
what is (are) alzheimer's disease ? <sep> alzheimers disease is a brain disease that slowly destroys memory and thinking skills and, eventually, the ability to carry out the simplest tasks. it begins slowly and gets worse over time. currently, it has no cure. alzheimers disease is the most common cause of dementia in older people. get more details about alzheimer's disease.
how many people are affected by primary myelofibrosis ? <sep> primary myelofibrosis is a rare condition that affects approximately 1 in 500,000 people worldwide.
how many people are affected by achromatopsia ? <sep> achromatopsia affects an estimated 1 in 30,000 people worldwide. complete achromatopsia is more common than incomplete achromatopsia. complete achromatopsia occurs frequently among pingelapese islanders, who live on one of the eastern caroline islands of micronesia. between 4 and 10 percent of people in this population have a total absence of color vision.
what is (are) carbon baby syndrome ? <sep> carbon baby syndrome, also known as universal acquired melanosis, is a rare form of hyperpigmentation. the skin of affected infants progressively darkens over the first years of life in the absence of other symptoms. the cause of the condition is unknown.
is sost-related sclerosing bone dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for headache ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) conducts research relating to headaches at its laboratories at the national institutes of health (nih), and supports additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. ninds also supports and conducts studies to improve the diagnosis of headaches and to find ways to prevent them.
what are the treatments for dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> how might dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency be treated in infants and children? currently, no treatment or cure exists for the inborn error of metabolism form of dhd deficiency. symptoms usually remain the same throughout the person's life.
how many people are affected by nicolaides-baraitser syndrome ? <sep> nicolaides-baraitser syndrome is likely a rare condition; approximately 75 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by osteogenesis imperfecta ? <sep> this condition affects an estimated 6 to 7 per 100,000 people worldwide. types i and iv are the most common forms of osteogenesis imperfecta, affecting 4 to 5 per 100,000 people.
what are the treatments for spondyloenchondrodysplasia with immune dysregulation ? <sep> these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for behcet's disease ? <sep> treatment for behcet's disease is symptomatic and supportive. medication may be prescribed to reduce inflammation and/or regulate the immune system. immunosuppressive therapy may be considered.
is lynch syndrome inherited ? <sep> is lynch syndrome an inherited condition? lynch syndrome cancer risk is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one inherited copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to increase cancer risk. it is important to note that people inherit an increased risk of cancer, not the disease itself. not all people who inherit mutations in these genes will develop cancer.
what are the treatments for tarsal tunnel syndrome ? <sep> what treatment is available for tarsal tunnel syndrome? while we do not provide medical advice, the following have been reported as treatment options for tarsal tunnel syndrome. individuals should discuss the various treatment options with their personal healthcare provider. rest and ice oral pain medications steroid injections local anesthetics physical therapy immobilization orthotic devices decompression surgery
what are the treatments for giant axonal neuropathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of giant axonal neuropathy: - gene review: gene review: giant axonal neuropathy - genetic testing registry: giant axonal neuropathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is glutaric acidemia type i inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is familial exudative vitreoretinopathy inherited ? <sep> how is familial exudative vitreoretinopathy inherited? fevr has different inheritance patterns depending on the gene involved. most individuals have the autosomal dominant form of this condition, caused by mutations in the fzd4 or lrp5 gene. fevr caused by lrp5 gene mutations can also have an autosomal recessive inheritance. when this condition is caused by mutations in the ndp gene, it has an x-linked pattern of inheritance.
what to do for goodpasture syndrome ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing goodpasture syndrome.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for giant axonal neuropathy ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) supports research related to gan through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure inherited neurological disorders such as gan.
how many people are affected by mandibulofacial dysostosis with microcephaly ? <sep> mfdm is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown. more than 60 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
what is (are) creating a family health history ? <sep> in a genetic test, a small sample of blood, saliva, or tissue is taken to examine a person's genes. sometimes, genetic testing can detect diseases that may be preventable or treatable. this type of testing is available for thousands of conditions.
what is the outlook for arachnoiditis ? <sep> arachnoiditis is adisorder that causes chronic pain and neurological deficits and does not improve significantly with treatment.surgery may only provide temporary relief. the outlook for someone witharachnoiditis iscomplicated by the fact that the disorder has no predictable pattern or severity of symptoms.
is pompe disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for periventricular leukomalacia ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on brain injuries such as pvl. much of this research is aimed at finding ways to prevent and treat these disorders.
what are the treatments for chordoma ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of chordoma: - chordoma foundation: treatment - duke spine center - genetic testing registry: chordoma - massachusetts general hospital these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for cystinuria ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cystinuria: - genetic testing registry: cystinuria - medlineplus encyclopedia: cystinuria - medlineplus encyclopedia: cystinuria (image) these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for chronic myelomonocytic leukemia ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options for cmml depend on the following: - the number of white blood cells or platelets in the blood or bone marrow. - whether the patient is anemic. - the amount of blasts in the blood or bone marrow. - the amount of hemoglobin in red blood cells. - whether there are certain changes in the chromosomes.
how many people are affected by fatty acid hydroxylase-associated neurodegeneration ? <sep> fahn is a rare disorder; only a few dozen cases have been reported.
how many people are affected by hereditary myopathy with early respiratory failure ? <sep> hmerf is a rare condition. it has been reported in several families of swedish and french descent, and in at least one individual from italy.
how many people are affected by benign recurrent intrahepatic cholestasis ? <sep> bric is a rare disorder. although the prevalence is unknown, this condition is less common than the related disorder pfic, which affects approximately 1 in 50,000 to 100,000 people worldwide.
what causes silicosis ? <sep> what causes silicosis? silicosis is caused by breathing in tiny bits of silica dust. when people breathe silica dust, they inhale tiny particles of silica that has crystallized. this silica dust can cause fluid buildup and scar tissue in the lungs that cuts down the ability to breathe.
what is (are) buerger disease ? <sep> buerger disease is a disease of the arteries and veins in the arms and legs. the arteries and veins become inflamed which can lead to narrowed and blocked vessels. this reduces blood flow resulting in pain and eventually damage to affected tissues. buerger disease nearly always occurs in association with cigarette or other tobacco use. quitting all forms of tobacco is an essential part of treatment.
is oculopharyngeal muscular dystrophy inherited ? <sep> how is oculopharyngeal muscular dystrophy inherited?
is prolidase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is congenital neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita ? <sep> this condition is rare; the exact incidence is unknown. more than 175 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by feingold syndrome ? <sep> feingold syndrome appears to be a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown.
is blau syndrome inherited ? <sep> blau syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most affected individuals have one parent with the condition. in some cases, people with the characteristic features of blau syndrome do not have a family history of the condition. some researchers believe that these individuals have a non-inherited version of the disorder called early-onset sarcoidosis.
how many people are affected by task-specific focal dystonia ? <sep> task-specific focal dystonia affects an estimated 7 to 69 per million people in the general population. musician's dystonia that is severe enough to impact performance occurs in about 1 percent of musicians.
what are the treatments for systemic capillary leak syndrome ? <sep> how might systemic capillary leak syndrome be treated? unfortunately, there is no cure for systemic capillary leak syndrome at this time. however, recent studies suggest that taking medication known as beta-adrenergic agonists (including terbutaline) or undergoing immunoglobulin intravenous (iv) therapy may reduce the frequency of attacks and may increase survival in individuals affected with this condition.
what are the treatments for congenital hepatic fibrosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of congenital hepatic fibrosis: - gene review: gene review: congenital hepatic fibrosis overview - genetic testing registry: congenital hepatic fibrosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by sialic acid storage disease ? <sep> sialic acid storage disease is a very rare disorder. issd has been identified in only a few dozen infants worldwide. salla disease occurs mainly in finland and sweden and has been reported in approximately 150 people. a few individuals have been identified as having intermediate severe salla disease.
what are the treatments for hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis: - genetic testing registry: tumoral calcinosis, familial, hyperphosphatemic these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is werner syndrome inherited ? <sep> werner syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the wrn gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with werner syndrome each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for leukemia ? <sep> standard treatments for leukemia include chemotherapy, biological therapy, radiation therapy, and immunotherapy. some patients receive a combination of treatments. learn more about treatments for acute myeloid leukemia. learn more about treatments for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
how many people are affected by alpha-methylacyl-coa racemase deficiency ? <sep> amacr deficiency is a rare disorder. its prevalence is unknown. at least 10 cases have been described in the medical literature.
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> an hdl (good) cholesterol level more than 60 mg/dl is desirable for most people. here are the ranges for hdl cholesterol levels. do you know how your hdl cholesterol level compares?
how many people are affected by dmd-associated dilated cardiomyopathy ? <sep> dmd-associated dilated cardiomyopathy appears to be an uncommon condition, although its prevalence is unknown.
is pelizaeus-merzbacher disease inherited ? <sep> how is pelizaeus-merzbacher disease inherited?
what are the treatments for dry mouth ? <sep> certain cancer treatments can affect the salivary glands. head and neck radiation therapy can cause the glands to produce little or no saliva. chemotherapy may cause the salivary glands to produce thicker saliva, which makes the mouth feel dry and sticky.
how many people are affected by 48,xxyy syndrome ? <sep> 48,xxyy syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 18,000 to 50,000 males.
how many people are affected by ellis-van creveld syndrome ? <sep> in most parts of the world, ellis-van creveld syndrome occurs in 1 in 60,000 to 200,000 newborns. it is difficult to estimate the exact prevalence because the disorder is very rare in the general population. this condition is much more common in the old order amish population of lancaster county, pennsylvania, and in the indigenous (native) population of western australia.
how many people are affected by early-onset primary dystonia ? <sep> early-onset primary dystonia is among the most common forms of childhood dystonia. this disorder occurs most frequently in people of ashkenazi (central and eastern european) jewish heritage, affecting 1 in 3,000 to 9,000 people in this population. the condition is less common among people with other backgrounds; it is estimated to affect 1 in 10,000 to 30,000 non-jewish people worldwide.
what is the outlook for dysautonomia ? <sep> the outlook for individuals with dysautonomia depends on the particular diagnostic category. people with chronic, progressive, generalized dysautonomia in the setting of central nervous system degeneration have a generally poor long-term prognosis. death can occur from pneumonia, acute respiratory failure, or sudden cardiopulmonary arrest.
who is at risk for primary ciliary dyskinesia? ? <sep> primary ciliary dyskinesia (pcd) is a rare disease that affects both males and females. the disease also affects people from all racial and ethnic groups. some people who have pcd have breathing problems from the moment of birth. however, other people can go through all or most of their lives without knowing that they have the disease.
who is at risk for alkhurma hemorrhagic fever (ahf)? ? <sep> contact with livestock with tick exposure are risk factors for humans, as is contact with infected ticks, whether through crushing the infected tick with unprotected fingers or by a bite from an infected tick. slaughtering of animals which may acutely but asymptomatically infected may also be a risk factor, as it is possible that infected animals develop a viremia without obvious clinical signs.
is familial cylindromatosis inherited ? <sep> susceptibility to familial cylindromatosis has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell increases the risk of developing this condition. however, a second, non-inherited mutation is required for development of skin appendage tumors in this disorder.
what to do for urine blockage in newborns ? <sep> researchers have not found that a mothers eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing urine blockage in newborns.
how to diagnose alzheimer's disease ? <sep> the time from diagnosis of alzheimers disease to death varies. it can be as little as 3 or 4 years if the person is over 80 years old when diagnosed or as long as 10 years or more if the person is younger.
what are the treatments for nager syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of nager syndrome: - genetic testing registry: nager syndrome - university of california san francisco medical center these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by familial mediterranean fever ? <sep> familial mediterranean fever primarily affects populations originating in the mediterranean region, particularly people of armenian, arab, turkish, or jewish ancestry. the disorder affects 1 in 200 to 1,000 people in these populations. it is less common in other populations.
what is (are) hypothyroidism ? <sep> hypothyroidism is a disorder that occurs when the thyroid gland does not make enough thyroid hormone to meet the bodys needs. thyroid hormone regulates metabolismthe way the body uses energyand affects nearly every organ in the body. without enough thyroid hormone, many of the bodys functions slow down. about 4.6 percent of the u.s. population age 12 and older has hypothyroidism.1
what are the treatments for sandhoff disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sandhoff disease: - genetic testing registry: sandhoff disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by hypochondrogenesis ? <sep> hypochondrogenesis and achondrogenesis, type 2 (a similar skeletal disorder) together affect 1 in 40,000 to 60,000 newborns.
how to prevent gastritis ? <sep> people may be able to reduce their chances of getting gastritis by preventing h. pylori infection. no one knows for sure how h. pylori infection spreads, so prevention is difficult. to help prevent infection, health care providers advise people to - wash their hands with soap and water after using the bathroom and before eating - eat food that has been washed well and cooked properly - drink water from a clean, safe source
what is the outlook for thoracic outlet syndrome ? <sep> the outcome for individuals with tos varies according to type. the majority of individuals with tos will improve with exercise and physical therapy. vascular tos, and true neurogenic tos often require surgery to relieve pressure on the affected vessel or nerve.
what are the symptoms of uterine sarcoma ? <sep> signs of uterine sarcoma include abnormal bleeding. abnormal bleeding from the vagina and other signs and symptoms may be caused by uterine sarcoma or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - bleeding that is not part of menstrual periods. - bleeding after menopause. - a mass in the vagina. - pain or a feeling of fullness in the abdomen. - frequent urination.
is floating-harbor syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases of floating-harbor syndrome result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. however, in some cases an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent.
what are the treatments for brachial plexus injuries ? <sep> some brachial plexus injuries may heal without treatment. many children who are injured during birth improve or recover by 3 to 4 months of age. treatment for brachial plexus injuries includes physical therapy and, in some cases, surgery.
what are the treatments for 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coa lyase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hmg-coa lyase deficiency: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: deficiency of hydroxymethylglutaryl-coa lyase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by nakajo-nishimura syndrome ? <sep> nakajo-nishimura syndrome appears to be rare and has been described only in the japanese population. about 30 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for pervasive developmental disorders ? <sep> there is no known cure for pdd. medications are used to address specific behavioral problems; therapy for children with pdd should be specialized according to need. some children with pdd benefit from specialized classrooms in which the class size is small and instruction is given on a one-to-one basis. others function well in standard special education classes or regular classes with additional support.
is romano-ward syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is typically inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. a small percentage of cases result from new mutations in one of the genes described above. these cases occur in people with no history of romano-ward syndrome in their family.
is core binding factor acute myeloid leukemia inherited ? <sep> cbf-aml is not inherited but arises from genetic rearrangements in the body's cells that occur after conception.
is norum disease inherited ? <sep> how is norum disease inherited? norum disease is transmitted as an autosomal recessive trait, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition. sporadic cases have also been reported.
is familial porencephaly inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is neutral lipid storage disease with myopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for tetra-amelia syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of tetra-amelia syndrome: - gene review: gene review: tetra-amelia syndrome - genetic testing registry: tetraamelia, autosomal recessive these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy: - gene review: gene review: hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy - genetic testing registry: hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder ? <sep> there is no "cure" for adhd. children with the disorder seldom outgrow it; however, some may find adaptive ways to accommodate the adhd as they mature.
what are the treatments for aniridia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aniridia: - gene review: gene review: aniridia - genetic testing registry: congenital aniridia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by cockayne syndrome ? <sep> cockayne syndrome occurs in about 2 per million newborns in the united states and europe.
how many people are affected by kallmann syndrome ? <sep> kallmann syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 10,000 to 86,000 people and occurs more often in males than in females. kallmann syndrome 1 is the most common form of the disorder.
what is the outlook for dandy-walker syndrome ? <sep> the effect of dandy-walker syndrome on intellectual development is variable, with some children having normal cognition and others never achieving normal intellectual development even when the excess fluid buildup is treated early and correctly. longevity depends on the severity of the syndrome and associated malformations. the presence of multiple congenital defects may shorten life span.
how to diagnose landau-kleffner syndrome ? <sep> how is landau-kleffner syndrome (lks) diagnosed? lks is diagnosed based on clinical features and the results of an electroencephalogram (eeg), a recording of the electric activity of the brain. all lks children have abnormal electrical brain activity on both the right and left sides of their brains.
what is the outlook for childhood craniopharyngioma ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the size of the tumor. - where the tumor is in the brain. - whether there are tumor cells left after surgery. - the child's age. - side effects that may occur months or years after treatment. - whether the tumor has just been diagnosed or has recurred (come back).
what are the treatments for isovaleric acidemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of isovaleric acidemia: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: isovaleryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for arachnoiditis ? <sep> arachnoiditis remains a difficult condition to treat, and long-term outcomes are unpredictable. most treatments for arachnoiditis are focused on pain relief and the improvement of symptoms that impair daily function. a regimen of pain management, physiotheraphy, exercise, and psychotheraphy is often recommended. surgical intervention is controversial since the outcomes are generally poor and provide only short-term relief.
what are the treatments for psoriasis ? <sep> for many people, natural treatments can help relieve the symptoms of psoriasis. there are many natural treatments you can try on your own, but you should never use them to replace the treatment your doctor prescribes. some natural treatments you may want to try are - sunlight - aloe - fish oil - dead sea salts - cayenne. sunlight aloe fish oil dead sea salts cayenne.
what are the treatments for monilethrix ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of monilethrix: - genetic testing registry: beaded hair these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is acute intermittent porphyria inherited ? <sep> how is acute intermittent porphyria (aip) inherited? aip is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion, which means only one of the two hmbs genes needs to have a disease-causing mutation to decrease enzyme activity and cause symptoms.
how many people are affected by alpha thalassemia x-linked intellectual disability syndrome ? <sep> alpha thalassemia x-linked intellectual disability syndrome appears to be a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown. more than 200 affected individuals have been reported.
what is (are) age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> age-related macular degeneration, or amd, is a disease that blurs the sharp, central vision you need for straight-ahead activities such as reading, sewing, and driving. amd affects the macula, the part of the eye that allows you to see fine detail. amd causes no pain.
how many people are affected by mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency ? <sep> mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency is a rare disorder; its incidence is unknown.
how many people are affected by fabry disease ? <sep> fabry disease affects an estimated 1 in 40,000 to 60,000 males. this disorder also occurs in females, although the prevalence is unknown. milder, late-onset forms of the disorder are probably more common than the classic, severe form.
how many people are affected by familial hdl deficiency ? <sep> familial hdl deficiency is a rare disorder, although the prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by glucose phosphate isomerase deficiency ? <sep> gpi deficiency is a rare cause of hemolytic anemia; its prevalence is unknown. about 50 cases have been described in the medical literature.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for restless legs syndrome ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) conduct and support rls research in laboratories at the nih and at major medical institutions across the country. the goal of this research is to increase scientific understanding of rls, find improved methods of diagnosing and treating the syndrome, and discover ways to prevent it.
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis b ? <sep> acute hepatitis b is a short-term infection with the hepatitis b virus. symptoms usually last several weeks but they can last up to 6 months. the infection sometimes clears up because your body is able to fight off the infection and get rid of the virus. most healthy adults and children older than 5 who have hepatitis b get better without treatment.
what is (are) solitary kidney ? <sep> the kidneys are two bean-shaped organs, each about the size of a fist. they are located just below the rib cage, one on each side of the spine. every day, the kidneys filter about 120 to 150 quarts of blood to produce about 1 to 2 quarts of urine, composed of wastes and extra fluid. the urine flows from the kidneys to the bladder through tubes called ureters. the bladder stores urine until releasing it through urination.
what are the treatments for fraser syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fraser syndrome: - genetic testing registry: cryptophthalmos syndrome - university of arizona college of medicine: cryptophthalmos these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) prostate cancer ? <sep> the body is made up of many types of cells. normally, cells grow, divide, and produce more cells as needed to keep the body healthy. sometimes, however, the process goes wrong -- cells become abnormal and form more cells in an uncontrolled way. these extra cells form a mass of tissue, called a growth or tumor. tumors can be benign, which means not cancerous, or malignant, which means cancerous.
how many people are affected by prolidase deficiency ? <sep> prolidase deficiency is a rare disorder. approximately 70 individuals with this disorder have been documented in the medical literature, and researchers have estimated that the condition occurs in approximately 1 in 1 million to 1 in 2 million newborns. it is more common in certain areas in northern israel, both among members of a religious minority called the druze and in nearby arab moslem populations.
what are the treatments for acatalasemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of acatalasemia: - genetic testing registry: acatalasemia - genetic testing registry: acatalasemia, japanese type these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for glutamate formiminotransferase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of glutamate formiminotransferase deficiency: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: glutamate formiminotransferase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by hereditary paraganglioma-pheochromocytoma ? <sep> hereditary paraganglioma-pheochromocytoma occurs in approximately 1 in 1 million people.
how many people are affected by lattice corneal dystrophy type ii ? <sep> lattice corneal dystrophy type ii is a rare condition; however, the prevalence is unknown. while this condition can be found in populations worldwide, it was first described in finland and is more common there.
is north american indian childhood cirrhosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) monkeypox virus infections ? <sep> monkeypox is a rare viral disease. it occurs mostly in central and western africa. wild rodents and squirrels carry it, but it is called monkeypox because scientists saw it first in lab monkeys. in 2003, it was reported in prairie dogs and humans in the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention
what are the symptoms of overweight and obesity ? <sep> weight gain usually happens over time. most people know when they've gained weight. some of the signs of overweight or obesity include: clothes feeling tight and needing a larger size. the scale showing that you've gained weight. having extra fat around the waist. a higher than normal body mass index and waist circumference. (for more information, go to "how are overweight and obesity diagnosed?")
how many people are affected by cushing disease ? <sep> cushing disease is estimated to occur in 10 to 15 per million people worldwide. for reasons that are unclear, cushing disease affects females more often than males.
is hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is 8p11 myeloproliferative syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is generally not inherited but arises from a mutation in the body's cells that occurs after conception. this alteration is called a somatic mutation.
how many people are affected by kearns-sayre syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of kearns-sayre syndrome is approximately 1 to 3 per 100,000 individuals.
what are the treatments for 3-m syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 3-m syndrome: - gene review: gene review: 3-m syndrome - genetic testing registry: three m syndrome 1 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) colorectal cancer ? <sep> yes. in july 2008, the u.s. preventive services task force made its strongest ever recommendation for colorectal cancer screening: it suggested that all adults between ages 50 and 75 get screened, or tested, for the disease. the task force noted that various screening tests are available, making it possible for patients and their clinicians to decide which test is best for each person.
what are the treatments for glaucoma ? <sep> yes. immediate treatment for early stage, open-angle glaucoma can delay progression of the disease. that's why early diagnosis is very important. glaucoma treatments include medicines, laser surgery, conventional surgery, or a combination of any of these. while these treatments may save remaining vision, they do not improve sight already lost from glaucoma.
how many people are affected by loeys-dietz syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of loeys-dietz syndrome is unknown. loeys-dietz syndrome types i and ii appear to be the most common forms.
what is (are) meralgia paresthetica ? <sep> meralgia paresthetica is a disorder characterized by tingling, numbness, and burning pain in the outer side of the thigh. the disorder is caused by compression of the lateral femoral cutaneous nerve, a sensory nerve to the skin, as it exits the pelvis. people with the disorder often notice a patch of skin that is sensitive to touch and sometimes painful. meralgia paresthetica should not be associated with weakness or radiating pain from the back.
how to diagnose parasites - babesiosis ? <sep> in symptomatic people, babesiosis usually is diagnosed by examining blood specimens under a microscope and seeing babesia parasites inside red blood cells. to be sure the diagnosis is correct, your health care provider might have specimens of your blood tested by a specialized reference laboratory (such as at cdc or a health department). more on: resources for health professionals: diagnosis
how many people are affected by oculodentodigital dysplasia ? <sep> the exact incidence of oculodentodigital dysplasia is unknown. it has been diagnosed in fewer than 1,000 people worldwide. more cases are likely undiagnosed.
who is at risk for prostate cancer? ? <sep> age is the most important risk factor for prostate cancer. the disease is extremely rare in men under age 40, but the risk increases greatly with age. more than 60 percent of cases are diagnosed in men over age 65. the average age at the time of diagnosis is 65.
how to diagnose coach syndrome ? <sep> how is coach syndrome diagnosed? while there are no official guidelines, a diagnosis of coach syndrome can be made when an individual is found to have both a particular malformation of the brain called cerebellar vermis hypoplasia (also referred to as the "molar tooth sign" due to the characteristic look of this malformation on brain imaging) and liver disease (specifically fibrosis).
how many people are affected by bardet-biedl syndrome ? <sep> in most of north america and europe, bardet-biedl syndrome has a prevalence of 1 in 140,000 to 1 in 160,000 newborns. the condition is more common on the island of newfoundland (off the east coast of canada), where it affects an estimated 1 in 17,000 newborns. it also occurs more frequently in the bedouin population of kuwait, affecting about 1 in 13,500 newborns.
how many people are affected by deoxyguanosine kinase deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of deoxyguanosine kinase deficiency is unknown. approximately 100 affected individuals have been identified.
what is (are) diabetic mastopathy ? <sep> diabetic mastopathy are noncancerous lesions in the breast most commonly diagnosed in premenopausal women with type 1 diabetes. the cause of this condition is unknown. symptoms may include hard, irregular, easily movable, discrete, painless breast mass(es).
what are the treatments for hereditary neuropathies ? <sep> there are no standard treatments for hereditary neuropathies. treatment is mainly symptomatic and supportive. medical treatment includes physical therapy and if needed, pain medication. orthopedic surgery may be needed to correct severe foot or other skeletal deformities. bracing may also be used to improve mobility.
what is the outlook for klippel feil syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for most individuals with klippel-feil syndrome is good if the disorder is treated early and appropriately. activities that can injure the neck should be avoided.
how to diagnose parasites - ascariasis ? <sep> the standard method for diagnosing ascariasis is by identifying ascaris eggs in a stool sample using a microscope. because eggs may be difficult to find in light infections, a concentration procedure is recommended.
how many people are affected by familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy ? <sep> familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy affects an estimated 1 in 500 people worldwide. it is the most common genetic heart disease in the united states.
how many people are affected by isolated ectopia lentis ? <sep> the prevalence of isolated ectopia lentis is unknown. in denmark, an estimated 6.4 per 100,000 individuals have ectopia lentis, but a large proportion of these cases (about 75 percent) are syndromic.
what are the symptoms of hypothalamic dysfunction ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of hypothalamic dysfunction? the signs and symptoms of hypothalamic dysfunction may vary from person to person depending on the specific hormones missing. you can read more by visiting the following link from medlineplus. http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/001202.htm
what is (are) parasites - paragonimiasis (also known as paragonimus infection) ? <sep> frequently asked queestions (faqs)
what is the outlook for binswanger's disease ? <sep> bd is a progressive disease; there is no cure. changes may be sudden or gradual and then progress in a stepwise manner. bd can often coexist with alzheimer's disease. behaviors that slow the progression of high blood pressure, diabetes, and atherosclerosis -- such as eating a healthy diet and keeping healthy wake/sleep schedules, exercising, and not smoking or drinking too much alcohol -- can also slow the progression of bd.
is donohue syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by schinzel-giedion syndrome ? <sep> schinzel-giedion syndrome is very rare, although the exact prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by incontinentia pigmenti ? <sep> incontinentia pigmenti is an uncommon disorder. between 900 and 1,200 affected individuals have been reported in the scientific literature. most of these individuals are female, but several dozen males with incontinentia pigmenti have also been identified.
what are the symptoms of gallbladder cancer ? <sep> signs and symptoms of gallbladder cancer include jaundice, fever, and pain. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by gallbladder cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - jaundice (yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes). - pain above the stomach. - fever. - nausea and vomiting. - bloating. - lumps in the abdomen.
how many people are affected by enlarged parietal foramina ? <sep> the prevalence of enlarged parietal foramina is estimated to be 1 in 15,000 to 50,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by dandy-walker malformation ? <sep> dandy-walker malformation is estimated to affect 1 in 10,000 to 30,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by fibronectin glomerulopathy ? <sep> fibronectin glomerulopathy is likely a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. at least 45 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
what is the outlook for muscular dystrophy ? <sep> the prognosis for people with md varies according to the type and progression of the disorder. some cases may be mild and progress very slowly over a normal lifespan, while others produce severe muscle weakness, functional disability, and loss of the ability to walk. some children with md die in infancy while others live into adulthood with only moderate disability.
what is (are) parasites - trichinellosis (also known as trichinosis) ? <sep> trichinellosis, also called trichinosis, is caused by eating raw or undercooked meat of animals infected with the larvae of a species of worm called trichinella. infection occurs commonly in certain wild carnivorous (meat-eating) animals such as bear or cougar, or omnivorous (meat and plant-eating) animals such as domestic pigs or wild boar.
what causes frontal fibrosing alopecia ? <sep> what causes frontal fibrosing alopecia? the exact underlying cause of frontal fibrosing alopecia (ffa) is unknown. ffa is thought to be an autoimmune condition in which an affected person's immune system mistakenly attacks the hair follicles (structures in the skin that make hair). scientists also suspect that there may be a hormonal component since the condition most commonly affects post-menopausal women over age 50.
what to do for urinary retention ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing urinary retention.
how many people are affected by meesmann corneal dystrophy ? <sep> meesmann corneal dystrophy is a rare disorder whose prevalence is unknown. it was first described in a large, multi-generational german family with more than 100 affected members. since then, the condition has been reported in individuals and families worldwide.
what are the treatments for hydranencephaly ? <sep> there is no definitive treatment for hydranencephaly. treatment is symptomatic and supportive. hydrocephalus may be treated with a shunt (a surgically implanted tube that diverts fluid from one pathway to another).
is kienbock's disease inherited ? <sep> is kienbock's disease inherited? there is currently no evidence that kienbock's disease is inherited. however, the cause of kienbock's disease is not known. it is possible that unidentified genetic factors contribute to the development of the condition.
what are the treatments for autoimmune addison disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of autoimmune addison disease: - genetic testing registry: addison's disease - medlineplus encyclopedia: addison's disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes dermatomyositis ? <sep> what causes dermatomyositis? the cause of this disorder is unknown. it is theorized that an autoimmune reaction (reactions caused by an immune response against the body's own tissues) or a viral infection of the skeletal muscle may cause the disease. in addition, some doctors think certain people may have a genetic susceptibility to the disease.
is gyrate atrophy of the choroid and retina inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is septo-optic dysplasia inherited ? <sep> is septo-optic dysplasia inherited?
what are the treatments for hyperlysinemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hyperlysinemia: - genetic testing registry: hyperlysinemia - genetic testing registry: saccharopinuria these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for gitelman syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of gitelman syndrome: - genetic testing registry: familial hypokalemia-hypomagnesemia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is neuroblastoma inherited ? <sep> neuroblastoma is sometimes caused by a gene mutation (change) passed from the parent to the child. gene mutations that increase the risk of neuroblastoma are sometimes inherited (passed from the parent to the child). in children with a gene mutation, neuroblastoma usually occurs at a younger age and more than one tumor may form in the adrenal glands.
how many people are affected by acromicric dysplasia ? <sep> acromicric dysplasia is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
who is at risk for oral cavity and oropharyngeal cancer? ? <sep> different factors increase or decrease the risk of oral cavity and oropharyngeal cancer. anything that increases your chance of getting a disease is called a risk factor. anything that decreases your chance of getting a disease is called a protective factor. for information about risk factors and protective factors for oral cavity and oropharyngeal cancer, see the pdq summary on oral cavity and oropharyngeal cancer prevention.
what are the treatments for potocki-shaffer syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of potocki-shaffer syndrome: - genetic testing registry: potocki-shaffer syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by glanzmann thrombasthenia ? <sep> glanzmann thrombasthenia is estimated to affect 1 in one million individuals worldwide, but may be more common in certain groups, including those of romani ethnicity, particularly people within the french manouche community.
how many people are affected by leukocyte adhesion deficiency type 1 ? <sep> leukocyte adhesion deficiency type 1 is estimated to occur in 1 per million people worldwide. at least 300 cases of this condition have been reported in the scientific literature.
what are the symptoms of hypolipoproteinemia ? <sep> are there other symptoms associated with hypolipoproteinemia? some reports suggest that hypolipoproteinemia (low cholesterol levels) in general may increase the risk for development of fatty livers.
what is (are) nutrition for advanced chronic kidney disease in adults ? <sep> as ckd progresses, people often lose their appetites because they find that foods do not taste the same. as a result, they consume fewer caloriesimportant units of energy in foodand may lose too much weight. renal dietitians can help people with advanced ckd find healthy ways to add calories to their diet if they are losing too much weight. top
how many people are affected by white sponge nevus ? <sep> the exact prevalence of white sponge nevus is unknown, but it is estimated to affect less than 1 in 200,000 individuals worldwide.
is giant congenital melanocytic nevus inherited ? <sep> this condition is generally not inherited but arises from a mutation in the body's cells that occurs after conception. this alteration is called a somatic mutation. a somatic mutation in one copy of the nras or braf gene is sufficient to cause this disorder.
what is the outlook for porencephaly ? <sep> the prognosis for children with porencephaly varies according to the location and extent of the cysts or cavities. some children with this disorder develop only minor neurological problems and have normal intelligence, while others may be severely disabled and die before their second decade of life.
how many people are affected by molybdenum cofactor deficiency ? <sep> molybdenum cofactor deficiency is a rare condition that is estimated to occur in 1 in 100,000 to 200,000 newborns worldwide. more than 100 cases have been reported in the medical literature, although it is thought that the condition is underdiagnosed, so the number of affected individuals may be higher.
how many people are affected by pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2 ? <sep> pha2 is a rare condition; however, the prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by trichothiodystrophy ? <sep> trichothiodystrophy has an estimated incidence of about 1 in 1 million newborns in the united states and europe. about 100 affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
what are the treatments for combined malonic and methylmalonic aciduria ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cmamma: - genetic testing registry: combined malonic and methylmalonic aciduria - organic acidemia association: what are organic acidemias? these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by myhre syndrome ? <sep> myhre syndrome is a rare disorder. only about 30 cases have been documented in the medical literature. for reasons that are unknown, most affected individuals have been males.
is syndactyly type 3 inherited ? <sep> how is syndactyly type 3 inherited? syndactyly type 3 has been shown to be inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. this means that having only one mutated copy of the causative gene is sufficient to cause the condition. when an individual with an autosomal dominant condition has children, each child has a 50% (1 in 2) chance of inheriting the mutated gene and a 50% chance of inheriting the normal gene and being unaffected.
what causes hereditary lymphedema type ii ? <sep> what causes hereditary lymphedema type ii? the cause of hereditary lymphedema type ii is unknown. the condition is thought to be genetic because it tends to run in families. researchers have studied many genes associated with the lymphatic system; however, to date, no specific genetic change has been associated with this type of lymphedema.
what are the treatments for multicentric osteolysis, nodulosis, and arthropathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mona: - genetic testing registry: multicentric osteolysis, nodulosis and arthropathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes branchiootorenal syndrome ? <sep> what causes branchiootorenal syndrome? mutations in the genes, eya1, six1, and six5, are known to cause branchiootorenal syndrome. about 40 percent of people with this condition have a mutation in the eya1 gene. six1 and six5 mutations are much less common causes of the disorder. there are likely other genes that have not yet been identified that when mutated can cause this syndrome as well.
what are the treatments for syringoma ? <sep> how are syringomas treated? people with syringomas have a variety of treatment options, for example pulsed ablative laser (co2 or erbium) or light electrocoagulation using a fine epilating needle. to learn more about these and other syringoma treatment options we recommend speaking with your healthcare provider.
is rapadilino syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes tubular aggregate myopathy ? <sep> what causes tubular aggregate myopathy? currently, the underlying cause of tubular aggregate myopathy is not known. some cases appear to be due to dominant mutations in the stim1 gene.
how many people are affected by y chromosome infertility ? <sep> y chromosome infertility occurs in approximately 1 in 2,000 to 1 in 3,000 males of all ethnic groups. this condition accounts for between 5 percent and 10 percent of cases of azoospermia or severe oligospermia.
what is (are) osteoporosis ? <sep> osteoporosis is a disease that thins and weakens the bones to the point that they break easily. women and men with osteoporosis most often break bones in the hip, spine, and wrist, but osteoporosis can be the cause of bone fractures anywhere.
is renal tubular dysgenesis inherited ? <sep> renal tubular dysgenesis is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the affected gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for creutzfeldt-jakob disease ? <sep> about 70 percent of individuals die within one year. in the early stages of disease, people may have failing memory, behavioral changes, lack of coordination and visual disturbances. as the illness progresses, mental deterioration becomes pronounced and involuntary movements, blindness, weakness of extremities, and coma may occur.
how many people are affected by hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type v ? <sep> hsan5 is very rare. only a few people with the condition have been identified.
is congenital insensitivity to pain inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is wilson disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is cole disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases of this disorder, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is bilateral perisylvian polymicrogyria inherited ? <sep> is bilateral perisylvian polymicrogyria inherited? in most cases, bilateral perisylvian polymicrogyria (bpp) occurs sporadically in people with no family history of the condition. rarely, more than one family member may be affected by bpp. these cases may follow an autosomal dominant, autosomal recessive, or x-linked pattern of inheritance.
how many people are affected by buschke-ollendorff syndrome ? <sep> buschke-ollendorff syndrome has an estimated incidence of 1 in 20,000 people worldwide.
what are the symptoms of prescription and illicit drug abuse ? <sep> not always. some warning signs, such as sleep problems, falls, mood swings, anxiety, depression, and memory problems -- can also be signs of other health conditions. as a result, doctors and family members often do not realize that an older person has a drug problem, and people may not get the help they need.
how many people are affected by cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia ? <sep> acute myeloid leukemia occurs in approximately 3.5 per 100,000 individuals each year. forty to 50 percent of people with acute myeloid leukemia have cn-aml.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder ? <sep> several components of the nih support research on developmental disorders such as adhd. research programs of the ninds, the national institute of mental health (nimh), and the national institute of child health and human development (nichd) seek to address unanswered questions about the causes of adhd, as well as to improve diagnosis and treatment.
how many people are affected by short stature, hyperextensibility, hernia, ocular depression, rieger anomaly, and teething delay ? <sep> short syndrome is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. only a few affected individuals and families have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by pulmonary alveolar microlithiasis ? <sep> pulmonary alveolar microlithiasis is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. about 600 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature, of whom about a quarter are of turkish descent. the remainder come from populations worldwide.
what is (are) myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy ? <sep> myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy is a rare condition characterized by reduced body fat and increased muscle size. affected individuals have up to twice the usual amount of muscle mass in their bodies. they also tend to have increased muscle strength. myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy is not known to cause any medical problems, and affected individuals are intellectually normal.
what are the treatments for lujan syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of lujan syndrome: - gene review: gene review: med12-related disorders - genetic testing registry: x-linked mental retardation with marfanoid habitus syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by aicardi-goutieres syndrome ? <sep> aicardi-goutieres syndrome is a rare disorder. its exact prevalence is unknown.
is majeed syndrome inherited ? <sep> how is majeed syndrome inherited? majeed syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene. although carriers typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition, some parents of children with majeed syndrome have had an inflammatory skin disorder called psoriasis.
how many people are affected by focal dermal hypoplasia ? <sep> focal dermal hypoplasia appears to be a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for bethlem myopathy ? <sep> how might bethlem myopathy be treated? the treatment for behtlem myopathy is symptomatic and supportive. this means that treatment is directed at the individual symptoms that are present in each case. there is no cure. in most cases, physical therapy, stretching exercises, splinting, and/or mobility aids are employed. in rare cases, surgery may be needed (i.e. for achilles tendon contractures or scoliosis).
how many people are affected by hepatic veno-occlusive disease with immunodeficiency ? <sep> vodi appears to be a rare disorder; approximately 20 affected families have been reported worldwide. most people diagnosed with the condition have been of lebanese ancestry. however, the disorder has also been identified in several individuals with other backgrounds in the united states and italy.
how many people are affected by ichthyosis with confetti ? <sep> ichthyosis with confetti is a rare disorder. fewer than 20 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
is hereditary antithrombin deficiency inherited ? <sep> hereditary antithrombin deficiency is typically inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one altered copy of the serpinc1 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. inheriting two altered copies of this gene in each cell is usually incompatible with life; however, a few severely affected individuals have been reported with mutations in both copies of the serpinc1 gene in each cell.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for encephalitis lethargica ? <sep> the ninds supports research on disorders that affect the brain, such as encephalitis lethargica, with the goal of finding ways to prevent and treat them. (the disease was the subject of the book and film, "awakenings.")
what are the treatments for beta-ketothiolase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of beta-ketothiolase deficiency: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: deficiency of acetyl-coa acetyltransferase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for opsoclonus myoclonus ? <sep> the prognosis for opsoclonus myoclonus varies depending on the symptoms and the presence and treatment of tumors. with treatment of the underlying cause of the disorder, there may be an improvement of symptoms. the symptoms sometimes recur without warning. generally the disorder is not fatal.
what is the outlook for pinched nerve ? <sep> with treatment, most people recover from pinched nerve. however, in some cases, the damage is irreversible.
is lymphedema-distichiasis syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for schizencephaly ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a wide range of studies that explore the mechanisms of normal brain development. the knowledge gained from these fundamental studies provides the foundation for understanding how to prevent or treat developmental brain defects such as schizencephaly.
is gilbert syndrome inherited ? <sep> how is gilbert syndrome inherited? gilbert syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of a person with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) short bowel syndrome ? <sep> the large intestine is about 5 feet long in adults and absorbs water and any remaining nutrients from partially digested food passed from the small intestine. the large intestine then changes waste from liquid to a solid matter called stool.
what is (are) surviving cancer ? <sep> follow-up cancer care involves regular medical checkups that include a review of your medical history and a physical exam. follow-up care may include blood work and other lab tests and procedures that allow the doctor to examine or take pictures of areas inside the body. see more resources and information about follow-up care after treatment, including guidelines.
how many people are affected by chmp2b-related frontotemporal dementia ? <sep> chmp2b-related frontotemporal dementia has been reported in one large family in denmark and a few unrelated individuals from other countries. this disease appears to be a rare form of frontotemporal dementia.
what causes adenoameloblastoma ? <sep> what causes adenoameloblastoma? currently the cause of adenoameloblastoma is not well understood. it may be associated with an interruption in tooth development. these legions tend to occur more commonly in young people (around 20 year-old), and most often in young women. adenoameloblastomas in the front upper jaw are often associated with an impacted tooth.
what are the treatments for pearson marrow-pancreas syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pearson marrow-pancreas syndrome: - gene review: gene review: mitochondrial dna deletion syndromes - genetic testing registry: pearson syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by lafora progressive myoclonus epilepsy ? <sep> the prevalence of lafora progressive myoclonus epilepsy is unknown. although the condition occurs worldwide, it appears to be most common in mediterranean countries (including spain, france, and italy), parts of central asia, india, pakistan, north africa, and the middle east.
what are the treatments for prolidase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of prolidase deficiency: - gene review: gene review: prolidase deficiency - genetic testing registry: prolidase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is desmosterolosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is crohn disease inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of crohn disease is unclear because many genetic and environmental factors are likely to be involved. this condition tends to cluster in families, however, and having an affected family member is a significant risk factor for the disease.
how many people are affected by kuskokwim syndrome ? <sep> kuskokwim syndrome is extremely rare. it affects a small number of people from the yup'ik eskimo population in southwest alaska.
is glycogen storage disease type vi inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by deafness and myopia syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of deafness and myopia syndrome is unknown. only a few affected families have been described in the medical literature.
what is (are) skin infections ? <sep> your skin helps protect you from germs, but sometimes it can get infected by them. some common types of skin infections are - bacterial: cellulitis and impetigo. staphylococcal infections can also affect the skin. - viral: shingles, warts, and herpes simplex - fungal: athlete's foot and yeast infections - parasitic: body lice, head lice, and scabies treatment of skin infections depends on the cause.
how many people are affected by pontocerebellar hypoplasia ? <sep> the prevalence of pontocerebellar hypoplasia is unknown, although most forms of the disorder appear to be very rare.
is acral peeling skin syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ? <sep> dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans is estimated to occur in 1 in 100,000 to 1 in 1 million people per year.
how many people are affected by pulmonary arterial hypertension ? <sep> in the united states, about 1,000 new cases of pulmonary arterial hypertension are diagnosed each year. this disorder is twice as common in females as in males.
what are the treatments for adenylosuccinase deficiency ? <sep> how might adenylosuccinase deficiency be treated? at the current time, there are no effective therapies for the treatment of adenylosuccinase deficiency. treatment is supportive based on the specific features.
what are the treatments for hendra virus disease (hev) ? <sep> the drug ribavirin has been shown to be effective against the viruses in vitro, but the clinical usefulness of this drug is uncertain. a post-exposure therapy with a nipah/hendra neutralizing antibody, efficacious in animal models is in human preclinical development stages in australia.
what is the outlook for encephalopathy ? <sep> treating the underlying cause of the disorder may improve symptoms. however, the encephalopathy may cause permanent structural changes and irreversible damage to the brain. some encephalopathies can be fatal.
what are the treatments for juvenile idiopathic arthritis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of juvenile idiopathic arthritis: - american college of rheumatology: arthritis in children - genetic testing registry: rheumatoid arthritis, systemic juvenile these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for ppm-x syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ppm-x syndrome: - cincinnati children's hospital: mecp2-related disorders - gene review: gene review: mecp2-related disorders these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by juvenile polyposis syndrome ? <sep> juvenile polyposis syndrome occurs in approximately 1 in 100,000 individuals worldwide.
what are the symptoms of chilaiditi syndrome ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of chilaiditi syndrome? the symptoms of chilaiditi syndrome vary. chronic recurrent abdominal pain is a common finding. other symptoms might include nausea, vomiting, constipation, indigestion, difficulty swallowing, and abdominal tenderness, especially in the upper, central area. in some cases, breathing problems may develop.
what are the symptoms of cryptogenic organizing pneumonia ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of cryptogenic organizing pneumonia? signs and symptoms of cryptogenic organizing pneumonia (cop) vary but may include: persistent nonproductive cough difficult or labored breathing fever malaise weight loss hemoptysis (rare)
how many people are affected by mitochondrial complex iii deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of mitochondrial complex iii deficiency is unknown, although the condition is thought to be rare.
how many people are affected by tetrasomy 18p ? <sep> tetrasomy 18p is a rare disorder. it is known to affect about 250 families worldwide.
what are the treatments for nocardiosis ? <sep> if you think you might be sick with nocardiosis, talk to your doctor. he or she can help find out if you have the disease by performing tests that can identify the bacteria that causes nocardiosis. testing may involve taking tissue samples from the part of the body that is infected. tissue samples may include the: - brain - skin - lungs (or other parts of the lower airways) - mucus from the lower airways
what are the symptoms of male breast cancer ? <sep> men with breast cancer usually have lumps that can be felt.lumps and other signs may be caused by male breast cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you notice a change in your breasts.
what is (are) breast cancer ? <sep> breast cancer occurs when a malignant tumor forms in the breast tissue. the cancer can be found in the breast itself or in the ducts and lymph nodes that surround the breast.
what causes punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type i ? <sep> what causes palmoplantar keratoderma type 1? punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type 1 is a condition that is usually inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. it has recently been shown to be caused by mutations in the aagab gene in several families. although the exact function of the aagab gene is currently unknown, the gene is thought to play an important role in skin integrity.
is rotor syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern. in autosomal recessive inheritance, both copies of a gene in each cell have mutations. in rotor syndrome, an affected individual must have mutations in both the slco1b1 and the slco1b3 gene, so both copies of the two genes are altered. the parents of an individual with this condition each carry one altered copy of both genes, but they do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is prothrombin deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
who is at risk for colorectal cancer? ? <sep> different factors increase or decrease the risk of getting colorectal cancer. anything that increases your chance of getting a disease is called a risk factor. anything that decreases your chance of getting a disease is called a protective factor. for information about risk factors and protective factors for colorectal cancer, see the pdq summary on colorectal cancer prevention.
what are the complications of primary sclerosing cholangitis ? <sep> psc can lead to various complications, including - deficiencies of vitamins a, d, e, and k - infections of the bile ducts - cirrhosisextensive scarring of the liver - liver failure - bile duct cancer
what causes factor v deficiency ? <sep> what causes factor v deficiency? factor v deficiency is caused by mutations in the f5 gene that prevent the production of a functional factor v protein or decrease the amount of the protein in the bloodstream. mutations are present in both copies of the f5 gene in each cell, which prevents blood from clotting normally.
how many people are affected by hereditary spherocytosis ? <sep> hereditary spherocytosis occurs in 1 in 2,000 individuals of northern european ancestry. this condition is the most common cause of inherited anemia in that population. the prevalence of hereditary spherocytosis in people of other ethnic backgrounds is unknown, but it is much less common.
how many people are affected by arginase deficiency ? <sep> arginase deficiency is a very rare disorder; it has been estimated to occur once in every 300,000 to 1,000,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by chylomicron retention disease ? <sep> chylomicron retention disease is a rare condition with approximately 40 cases described worldwide.
what is the outlook for normal pressure hydrocephalus ? <sep> the symptoms of nph usually get worse over time if the condition is not treated, although some people may experience temporary improvements. while the success of treatment with shunts varies from person to person, some people recover almost completely after treatment and have a good quality of life. early diagnosis and treatment improves the chance of a good recovery. without treatment, symptoms may worsen and cause death.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for kennedy's disease ? <sep> the ninds supports a broad spectrum of research on motor neuron diseases, such as kennedy's disease. much of this research is aimed at increasing scientific understanding of these diseases and, ultimately, finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
what is (are) colorectal cancer ? <sep> the body is made up of many types of cells. normally, cells grow, divide, and produce more cells as needed to keep the body healthy and functioning properly. sometimes, however, the process goes wrong. cells become abnormal and form more cells in an uncontrolled way. these extra cells form a mass of tissue, called a growth or tumor. tumors can be benign, which means non-cancerous, or malignant, which means cancerous.
what are the treatments for vasculitis syndromes of the central and peripheral nervous systems ? <sep> treatment for a vasculitis syndrome depends upon the specific diagnosis, which can be difficult, as some diseases have similar symptoms of vasculitis. most of the syndromes respond well to steroid drugs, such as prednisolone. some may also require treatment with an immunosuppressive drug, such as cyclophosphamide. aneurysms involved with vasculitis can be treated surgfically.
how many people are affected by genitopatellar syndrome ? <sep> genitopatellar syndrome is estimated to occur in fewer than 1 per million people. at least 18 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for hypertonia ? <sep> ninds supports research on brain and spinal cord disorders that can cause hypertonia. the goals of this research are to learn more about how the nervous system adapts after injury or disease and to find ways to prevent and treat these disorders.
what are the treatments for ophthalmo-acromelic syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of ophthalmo-acromelic syndrome: - genetic testing registry: anophthalmos with limb anomalies these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for darier disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of darier disease: - genetic testing registry: keratosis follicularis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for cone-rod dystrophy ? <sep> how might cone-rod dystrophy be treated? currently, there is no therapy that stops the evolution of cone-rod dystrophy or restores vision. there are a few treatment options, such as light avoidance and the use of low-vision aids that may help to slow down the degenerative process. it is important that people with cone-rod dystrophy recieve support and resources to help them cope with the social and psychological impact of vision loss.
how many people are affected by wilson disease ? <sep> wilson disease is a rare disorder that affects approximately 1 in 30,000 individuals.
what are the treatments for wolff-parkinson-white syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of wolff-parkinson-white syndrome: - genetic testing registry: wolff-parkinson-white pattern - medlineplus encyclopedia: wolff-parkinson-white syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by vohwinkel syndrome ? <sep> vohwinkel syndrome is a rare disorder; about 50 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
is neuroferritinopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases may result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is familial restrictive cardiomyopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type v inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for 2-methylbutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 2-methylbutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency: - baby's first test - genetic testing registry: deficiency of 2-methylbutyryl-coa dehydrogenase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to diagnose pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta ? <sep> how is pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta diagnosed? a diagnosis of pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta is often suspected based on characteristic signs and symptoms. a skin biopsy can be used to confirm the diagnosis. additional laboratory testing may be ordered to investigate a possible cause such as an associated infection.
how many people are affected by farber lipogranulomatosis ? <sep> farber lipogranulomatosis is a rare disorder. about 80 cases have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by myopathy with deficiency of iron-sulfur cluster assembly enzyme ? <sep> this condition has been reported in several families of northern swedish ancestry.
is progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
do you have information about healthy aging <sep> summary : people in the u.s. are living longer than ever before. many seniors live active and healthy lives. but there's no getting around one thing: as we age, our bodies and minds change. there are things you can do to stay healthy and active as you age: - eat a balanced diet - keep your mind and body active - don't smoke - get regular checkups - practice safety habits to avoid accidents and prevent falls nih: national institute on aging
what are the symptoms of gangliocytoma ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of gangliocytomas? signs and symptoms caused by the presence of a gangliocytoma can vary depending on the tumor's location. seizures are the most common symptom. other symptoms may include increased brain pressure, endocrine disorders, and focal symptoms. gangliocytomas can also be asymptomatic (cause no symptoms) and may be diagnosed incidentally on imaging studies.
what are the symptoms of lactose intolerance ? <sep> common symptoms of lactose intolerance include - abdominal bloating, a feeling of fullness or swelling in the abdomen - abdominal pain - diarrhea - gas - nausea symptoms occur 30 minutes to 2 hours after consuming milk or milk products. symptoms range from mild to severe based on the amount of lactose the person ate or drank and the amount a person can tolerate.
who is at risk for crimean-congo hemorrhagic fever (cchf)? ? <sep> animal herders, livestock workers, and slaughterhouse workers in endemic areas are at risk of cchf. healthcare workers in endemic areas are at risk of infection through unprotected contact with infectious blood and body fluids. individuals and international travelers with contact to livestock in endemic regions may also be exposed.
how many people are affected by winchester syndrome ? <sep> winchester syndrome is a rare condition whose prevalence is unknown. it has been reported in only a few individuals worldwide.
how many people are affected by primary ciliary dyskinesia ? <sep> primary ciliary dyskinesia occurs in approximately 1 in 16,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by megalencephaly-capillary malformation syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of mcap is unknown. at least 150 affected individuals have been reported in the medical literature. because the condition is often thought to be misdiagnosed or underdiagnosed, it may be more common than reported.
what are the treatments for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: - gene review: gene review: atp8b1 deficiency - genetic testing registry: cholestasis of pregnancy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of pilocytic astrocytoma ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of pilocytic astrocytoma? people with pilocytic astrocytomas might experience symptoms including: headaches, nausea, vomiting, irritability, ataxia (uncoordinated movement or unsteady gait), and vision issues. these symptoms are associated with increased pressure within the skull resulting from the tumor or hydrocephalus.
what is the outlook for complex regional pain syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for crps varies from person to person. spontaneous remission from symptoms occurs in certain individuals. others can have unremitting pain and crippling, irreversible changes in spite of treatment.
how many people are affected by turner syndrome ? <sep> this condition occurs in about 1 in 2,500 newborn girls worldwide, but it is much more common among pregnancies that do not survive to term (miscarriages and stillbirths).
do you have information about assistive devices <sep> summary : if you have a disability or injury, you may use a number of assistive devices. these are tools, products or types of equipment that help you perform tasks and activities. they may help you move around, see, communicate, eat, or get dressed. some are high-tech tools, such as computers. others are much simpler, like a "reacher" - a tool that helps you grab an object you can't reach.
how to diagnose autoimmune atrophic gastritis ? <sep> how is autoimmune atrophic gastritis diagnosed? a diagnosis of autoimmune atrophic gastritis is generally not suspected until characteristic signs and symptoms are present. additional testing can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. this generally includes: a biopsy of the affected tissue obtained through endoscopy blood work that demonstrates autoantibodies against certain cells of the stomach
how many people are affected by x-linked spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia tarda ? <sep> the prevalence of x-linked spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia tarda is estimated to be 1 in 150,000 to 200,000 people worldwide.
what are the treatments for craniosynostosis ? <sep> treatment for craniosynostosis generally consists of surgery to improve the symmetry and appearance of the head and to relieve pressure on the brain and the cranial nerves. for some children with less severe problems, cranial molds can reshape the skull to accommodate brain growth and improve the appearance of the head.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for brown-sequard syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts a wide range of research on spinal cord disorders such as bss. the goal of this research is to find ways to prevent, treat, and, ultimately, cure these disorders.
how many people are affected by horner syndrome ? <sep> about 1 in 6,250 babies are born with horner syndrome. the incidence of horner syndrome that appears later is unknown, but it is considered an uncommon disorder.
how many people are affected by fumarase deficiency ? <sep> fumarase deficiency is a very rare disorder. approximately 100 affected individuals have been reported worldwide. several were born in an isolated religious community in the southwestern united states.
what is (are) high blood pressure ? <sep> only a small amount of the salt that we eat comes from the salt shaker, and only small amounts occur naturally in food. most of the salt that we eat comes from processed foods -- for example, canned or processed meat, baked goods, and certain cereals, and foods with soy sauce, seasoned salts, monosodium glutamate (msg), and baking soda. food from fast food restaurants, frozen foods, and canned foods also tend to be higher in sodium.
is jackson-weiss syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what is the outlook for pervasive developmental disorders ? <sep> early intervention including appropriate and specialized educational programs and support services plays a critical role in improving the outcome of individuals with pdd. pdd is not fatal and does not affect normal life expectancy.
how many people are affected by majeed syndrome ? <sep> majeed syndrome appears to be very rare; it has been reported in three families, all from the middle east.
what are the treatments for aarskog-scott syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aarskog-scott syndrome: - genetic testing registry: aarskog syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: aarskog syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of acinetobacter in healthcare settings ? <sep> acinetobacter causes a variety of diseases, ranging from pneumonia to serious blood or wound infections, and the symptoms vary depending on the disease. acinetobacter may also colonize or live in a patient without causing infection or symptoms, especially in tracheostomy sites or open wounds.
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis b ? <sep> the liver is an organ that does many important things. you cannot live without a liver. *see the pronunciation guide for tips on how to say the words in bold type. the liver - removes harmful chemicals from your blood - fights infection - helps digest food - stores nutrients and vitamins - stores energy
what are the treatments for tangier disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of tangier disease: - genetic testing registry: tangier disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for melkersson-rosenthal syndrome ? <sep> melkersson-rosenthal syndrome may recur intermittently after its first appearance. it can become a chronic disorder. follow-up care should exclude the development of crohn's disease or sarcoidosis.
what are the treatments for sialidosis type i ? <sep> how might sialidosis type i be treated? there is no specific treatment for sialidosis. management should be multidisciplinary and directed at supportive care and symptomatic relief. overall health maintenance should be a priority, with seizure control as necessary. myoclonic seizures often respond poorly to treatment with anticonvulsant medications.
is granulomatosis with polyangiitis inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of gpa is unknown. most instances are sporadic and occur in individuals with no history of the disorder in their family. only rarely is more than one member of the same family affected by the disorder.
what to do for henoch-schnlein purpura ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing hsp.
how to diagnose esthesioneuroblastoma ? <sep> how is esthesioneuroblastoma diagnosed? diagnosis is typically obtained through clinical examination, biopsy, and mri and ct scans.
is type 1 diabetes inherited ? <sep> a predisposition to develop type 1 diabetes is passed through generations in families, but the inheritance pattern is unknown.
how many people are affected by weyers acrofacial dysostosis ? <sep> weyers acrofacial dysostosis appears to be a rare disorder. only a few affected families have been identified worldwide.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for muscular dystrophy ? <sep> the ninds supports a broad program of research studies on md. the goals of these studies are to understand md and to develop techniques to diagnose, treat, prevent, and ultimately cure the disorder. the ninds is a member of the muscular dystrophy coordinating committee (mdcc). for additional information, please visit: http://www.ninds.nih.gov/about_ninds/groups/mdcc/
how many people are affected by chanarin-dorfman syndrome ? <sep> chanarin-dorfman syndrome is a rare condition; its incidence is unknown.
what are the treatments for bell's palsy ? <sep> how might bell's palsy be treated?
what is the outlook for mitochondrial myopathy ? <sep> the prognosis for patients with mitochondrial myopathies varies greatly, depending largely on the type of disease and the degree of involvement of various organs. these disorders cause progressive weakness and can lead to death.
what are the treatments for erythromelalgia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of erythromelalgia: - gene review: gene review: scn9a-related inherited erythromelalgia - genetic testing registry: primary erythromelalgia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by megdel syndrome ? <sep> megdel syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. at least 40 affected individuals have been mentioned in the medical literature.
is danon disease inherited ? <sep> how is danon disease inherited? dannon disease is inherited in an x-linked fashion. click here to visit the centre for genetics education web site to learn more about x linked inheritance.
what are the treatments for chanarin-dorfman syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of chanarin-dorfman syndrome: - genetic testing registry: triglyceride storage disease with ichthyosis - medlineplus encyclopedia: ichthyosis vulgaris these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is cog5-congenital disorder of glycosylation inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is eosinophil peroxidase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for cerebral atrophy ? <sep> the ninds funds research looking at many of the diseases and disorders that cause cerebral atrophy. understanding the biological mechanisms that cause neurons to die in the brain will help researchers find ways to prevent, treat, and even cure the diseases that lead to cerebral atrophy.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for aicardi syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on neurogenetic disorders such as aicardi syndrome. the goals of this research are to locate and understand the genes involved and to develop techniques to diagnose, treat, prevent, and ultimately cure disorders such as aicardi syndrome.
is hypokalemic periodic paralysis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for cap myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cap myopathy: - genetic testing registry: tpm2-related cap myopathy - genetic testing registry: cap myopathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by spondylothoracic dysostosis ? <sep> spondylothoracic dysostosis affects about one in 200,000 people worldwide. however, it is much more common in people of puerto rican ancestry, affecting approximately one in 12,000 people.
is tay-sachs disease inherited ? <sep> how is tay-sachs disease inherited? this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means two copies of the gene in each cell are altered. most often, the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive disorder are carriers of one copy of the altered gene but do not show signs and symptoms of the disorder.
is kuskokwim syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is schwartz-jampel syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for hereditary spastic paraplegia ? <sep> there are no specific treatments to prevent, slow, or reverse hsp. symptomatic treatments used for spasticity, such as muscle relaxants, are sometimes helpful. regular physical therapy is important for muscle strength and to preserve range of motion.
what are the treatments for pelizaeus-merzbacher disease ? <sep> there is no cure for pelizaeus-merzbacher disease, nor is there a standard course of treatment. treatment is symptomatic and supportive and may include medication for movement disorders.
is renal tubular acidosis with deafness inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for diabetic neuropathy ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on diabetic neuropathy to increase understanding of the disorder and find ways to prevent and cure it. new medications are currently being examined to assess improvement or stabilization of neuropathic symptoms.
how many people are affected by x-linked congenital stationary night blindness ? <sep> the prevalence of this condition is unknown. it appears to be more common in people of dutch-german mennonite descent. however, this disorder has been reported in families with many different ethnic backgrounds. the incomplete form is more common than the complete form.
what are the treatments for 22q11.2 duplication ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 22q11.2 duplication: - gene review: gene review: 22q11.2 duplication - genetic testing registry: 22q11.2 duplication syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by meige disease ? <sep> the prevalence of meige disease is unknown. collectively, the many types of primary lymphedema affect an estimated 1 in 100,000 people younger than 20; meige disease is the most common type of primary lymphedema. for unknown reasons, this condition affects females about three times as often as males.
is infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is spondyloenchondrodysplasia with immune dysregulation inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by meckel syndrome ? <sep> meckel syndrome affects 1 in 13,250 to 1 in 140,000 people worldwide. it is more common in certain populations; for example, the condition affects about 1 in 9,000 people of finnish ancestry and about 1 in 3,000 people of belgian ancestry.
do you have information about hispanic american health <sep> summary : every racial or ethnic group has specific health concerns. differences in the health of groups can result from - genetics - environmental factors - access to care - cultural factors on this page, you'll find links to health issues that affect hispanic americans.
how many people are affected by marinesco-sjgren syndrome ? <sep> marinesco-sjgren syndrome appears to be a rare condition. more than 100 cases have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by type a insulin resistance syndrome ? <sep> type a insulin resistance syndrome is estimated to affect about 1 in 100,000 people worldwide. because females have more health problems associated with the condition, it is diagnosed more often in females than in males.
is androgenetic alopecia inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of androgenetic alopecia is unclear because many genetic and environmental factors are likely to be involved. this condition tends to cluster in families, however, and having a close relative with patterned hair loss appears to be a risk factor for developing the condition.
how to diagnose froelich syndrome ? <sep> how might froelich syndrome be diagnosed? diagnosis of froelich syndrome may be difficult and requires cautious and thoughtful clinical examination, testing urine for low levels of pituitary hormones, and likely other additional tests before a definitive diagnosis of froehlich syndrome can be made.
is atelosteogenesis type 3 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is aceruloplasminemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for wernicke-korsakoff syndrome ? <sep> most symptoms of wernicke's encephalopathy can be reversed if detected and treated promptly and completely. stopping alcohol use may prevent further nerve and brain damage. however, improvement in memory function is slow and, usually, incomplete. without treatment, these disorders can be disabling and life-threatening.
is thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is doors syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is brachydactyly type b inherited ? <sep> how is brachydactyly type b inherited? brachydactyly type b is caused by mutations in the ror2 gene. it is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. individuals with brachydactyly type b have a 50% chance of passing on this condition to their children.
how many people are affected by autosomal recessive hyper-ige syndrome ? <sep> ar-hies is a rare disorder whose prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for sotos syndrome ? <sep> there is no standard course of treatment for sotos syndrome. treatment is symptomatic.
what is the outlook for megalencephaly ? <sep> the prognosis for infants and children with megalencephaly depends upon the underlying cause and the associated neurological disorders. the prognosis for children with hemimegalencephaly is poor.
is platyspondylic lethal skeletal dysplasia, torrance type inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for cerebral arteriosclerosis ? <sep> treatment for cerebral arteriosclerosis can include medications or surgery. physicians also may recommend treatments to help people control high blood pressure, quit cigarette smoking, and reduce cholesterol levels, all of which are risk factors for cerebral arteriosclerosis.
how many people are affected by cartilage-hair hypoplasia ? <sep> cartilage-hair hypoplasia occurs most often in the old order amish population, where it affects about 1 in 1,300 newborns. in people of finnish descent, its incidence is approximately 1 in 20,000. outside of these populations, the condition is rare, and its specific incidence is not known. it has been reported in individuals of european and japanese descent.
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis c ? <sep> the liver is an organ that does many important things. you cannot live without a liver. *see the pronunciation guide for tips on how to say the words in bold type. the liver - removes harmful chemicals from your blood - fights infection - helps digest food - stores nutrients and vitamins - stores energy
how to prevent vasculitis ? <sep> you can't prevent vasculitis. however, treatment can help prevent or delay the complications of vasculitis. people who have severe vasculitis are treated with prescription medicines. rarely, surgery may be done. people who have mild vasculitis may find relief with over-the-counter pain medicines, such as acetaminophen, aspirin, ibuprofen, or naproxen. for more information about vasculitis treatments, go to "how is vasculitis treated?"
what are the genetic changes related to isobutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> mutations in the acad8 gene cause ibd deficiency. this gene provides instructions for making the ibd enzyme, which is involved in breaking down valine. acad8 gene mutations reduce or eliminate the activity of the ibd enzyme. as a result, valine is not broken down properly. impaired processing of valine may lead to reduced energy production and the features of ibd deficiency.
how to diagnose achalasia ? <sep> how is achalasia diagnosed? achalasia is suspected in individuals with dysphagia (difficulty swallowing) and in instances where regurgitation symptoms are not responsive to protein pump inhibitor medication. the diagnosis of achalasia is confirmed by manometry (test that measures how well the esophagus is working); however, other tests such as upper endoscopy and upper gi x-ray can additionally be useful.
how many people are affected by mecp2-related severe neonatal encephalopathy ? <sep> mecp2-related severe neonatal encephalopathy is likely a rare condition. twenty to 30 affected males have been reported in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by prothrombin thrombophilia ? <sep> prothrombin thrombophilia is the second most common inherited form of thrombophilia after factor v leiden thrombophilia. approximately 1 in 50 people in the white population in the united states and europe has prothrombin thrombophilia. this condition is less common in other ethnic groups, occurring in less than one percent of african american, native american, or asian populations.
how many people are affected by preeclampsia ? <sep> preeclampsia is a common condition in all populations, occurring in 2 to 8 percent of pregnancies. it occurs more frequently in women of african or hispanic descent than it does in women of european descent.
what are the treatments for lung cancer ? <sep> doctors treat patients with non-small cell lung cancer in several ways, and surgery is a common treatment. cryosurgery, a treatment that freezes and destroys cancer tissue, may be used to control symptoms in the later stages of non-small cell lung cancer. doctors may also use radiation therapy and chemotherapy to slow the progress of the disease and to manage symptoms. see more on treatments for non-small cell lung cancer.
how to diagnose autoimmune hepatitis ? <sep> how is autoimmune hepatitis diagnosed? the diagnosis of autoimmune hepatitis is typically made based on symptoms, blood tests, and a liver biopsy.
is uv-sensitive syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for thyrotoxic myopathy ? <sep> the ninds supports a broad range of research on neuromuscular disorders such as thyrotoxic myopathy. much of this research is aimed at learning more about these disorders and finding ways to prevent and treat them.
what is (are) lung cancer ? <sep> the body is made up of many types of cells. normally, cells grow, divide, and produce more cells as needed to keep the body healthy and functioning properly. sometimes, however, the process goes wrong -- cells become abnormal and form more cells in an uncontrolled way. these extra cells form a mass of tissue, called a growth or tumor. tumors can be benign, meaning not cancerous, or malignant, meaning cancerous.
what are the symptoms of desmoplastic infantile ganglioglioma ? <sep> what signs and symptoms are associated with desmoplastic infantile gangliomas? most infants with digs do not have seizures; however, they usually have a bulging fontanelle, rapid head growth, sunset sign, and vomiting.
what are the treatments for nonsyndromic paraganglioma ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of nonsyndromic paraganglioma: - genetic testing registry: pheochromocytoma these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by fragile xe syndrome ? <sep> fragile xe syndrome is estimated to affect 1 in 25,000 to 100,000 newborn males. only a small number of affected females have been described in the medical literature. because mildly affected individuals may never be diagnosed, it is thought that the condition may be more common than reported.
how many people are affected by hereditary multiple osteochondromas ? <sep> the incidence of hereditary multiple osteochondromas is estimated to be 1 in 50,000 individuals. this condition occurs more frequently in some isolated populations: the incidence is approximately 1 in 1,000 in the chamorro population of guam and 1 in 77 in the ojibway indian population of manitoba, canada.
what are the symptoms of tarsal tunnel syndrome ? <sep> what symptoms are commonly seen in tarsal tunnel syndrome? the symptoms of tarsal tunnel syndrome can vary from person to person. the most common symptom of tarsal tunnel syndrome is foot and ankle pain. individuals may also experience a burning or tingling sensation and numbness. these symptoms may occur when a person stands, walks, or wears a particular type of shoe. pain usually worsens during walking and is relieved by rest.
is hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type ii inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by short bowel syndrome ? <sep> short bowel syndrome is a rare condition. each year, short bowel syndrome affects about three out of every million people.1
is dihydropyrimidinase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy ? <sep> pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy occurs in 1 in 100,000 to 700,000 individuals. at least 100 cases have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by neuropathy, ataxia, and retinitis pigmentosa ? <sep> the prevalence of narp is unknown. this disorder is probably less common than a similar but more severe condition, leigh syndrome, which affects about 1 in 40,000 people.
what are the treatments for 3-hydroxyisobutyric aciduria ? <sep> how might 3-hydroxyisobutyric aciduria be treated? there is no cure for 3-hydroxyisobutyric aciduria. because it is so rare, there is limited evidence to support the effectiveness of treatment. however, affected people have been treated with a protein-restricted diet and carnitine supplementation with varying degrees of success.
how many people are affected by uromodulin-associated kidney disease ? <sep> the prevalence of uromodulin-associated kidney disease is unknown. it accounts for fewer than 1 percent of cases of kidney disease.
what is (are) proud syndrome ? <sep> proud syndrome is a rare neurological condition that is primarily characterized by severe intellectual disability, agenesis of the corpus callosum, seizures, and spasticity. it usually occurs in males; when it occurs in females, the signs and symptoms are often less severe. proud syndrome is caused by changes (mutations) in the arx gene and is inherited in an x-linked recessive manner. treatment is based on the signs and symptoms present in each person.
how many people are affected by familial hyperaldosteronism ? <sep> the prevalence of familial hyperaldosteronism is unknown. familial hyperaldosteronism type ii appears to be the most common variety. all types of familial hyperaldosteronism combined account for fewer than 1 out of 10 cases of hyperaldosteronism.
what are the treatments for x-linked sideroblastic anemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of x-linked sideroblastic anemia: - genetic testing registry: hereditary sideroblastic anemia - medlineplus encyclopedia: anemia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for psoriasis ? <sep> the goals of psoriasis treatment are to change the course of the disease by interfering with the increased production of skin cells, and to remove scales and smooth rough skin.
how many people are affected by heart attack ? <sep> very common. each year, more than 1 million people in the u.s. have a heart attack and about half of them die. about one-half of those who die do so within 1 hour of the start of symptoms and before reaching the hospital.
what is (are) long qt syndrome 1 ? <sep> romano-ward syndrome is the most common form of inherited long qt syndrome. symptoms include arrhythmia, fainting, cardiac arrest, and sudden death. there are six different types of this syndrome, long qt 1 through 6. each type is caused by a change in a different gene. the most prevalent form of long qt syndrome is long qt type 1. long qt type 1 is caused by changes in the kcnq1 gene. romano-ward syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion.
do you have information about asian american health <sep> summary : every racial or ethnic group has specific health concerns. differences in the health of groups can result from - genetics - environmental factors - access to care - cultural factors on this page, you'll find links to health issues that affect asian americans.
what causes orofaciodigital syndrome 2 ? <sep> what causes orofaciodigital syndrome type 2? orofaciodigital syndrome type 2 is caused by mutations (changes) of an as yet unidentified gene.
how many people are affected by factor x deficiency ? <sep> factor x deficiency occurs in approximately 1 per million individuals worldwide.
what is (are) pseudotumor cerebri ? <sep> pseudotumor cerebri literally means "false brain tumor." it is likely due to high pressure within the skull caused by the buildup or poor absorption of cerebrospinal fluid (csf). the disorder is most common in women between the ages of 20 and 50. symptoms of pseudotumor cerebri, which include headache, nausea, vomiting, and pulsating sounds within the head, closely mimic symptoms of large brain tumors.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for paroxysmal choreoathetosis ? <sep> ninds supports and conducts research on movement disorders such as paroxysmal choreoathetosis. much of this research is aimed at finding ways to prevent and treat these disorders.
how many people are affected by meier-gorlin syndrome ? <sep> meier-gorlin syndrome is a rare condition; however, its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for desmosterolosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of desmosterolosis: - genetic testing registry: desmosterolosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by 16p11.2 deletion syndrome ? <sep> most people tested for the 16p11.2 deletion have come to medical attention as a result of developmental delay or autistic behaviors. other individuals with the 16p11.2 deletion have no associated health or behavioral problems, and so the deletion may never be detected. for this reason, the prevalence of this deletion in the general population is difficult to determine but has been estimated at approximately 3 in 10,000.
what are the treatments for dysgraphia ? <sep> treatment for dysgraphia varies and may include treatment for motor disorders to help control writing movements. other treatments may address impaired memory or other neurological problems. some physicians recommend that individuals with dysgraphia use computers to avoid the problems of handwriting.
how many people are affected by metatropic dysplasia ? <sep> metatropic dysplasia is a rare disease; its exact prevalence is unknown. more than 80 affected individuals have been reported in the scientific literature.
is spastic paraplegia type 31 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for unna-thost palmoplantar keratoderma ? <sep> how might unna-thost palmoplantar keratoderma be treated? the following treatments can help to soften the thickened skin and make it less noticeable: emollients keratolytics (such as salicylic acid in propylene glycol) topical retinoids topical vitamin d ointment (calcipotriol) systemic retinoids (acitretin) antifungal medication may help if the condition occurs along with a fungal infection.
what are the treatments for periodic fever, aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis and adenitis ? <sep> how might periodic fever, aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis and cervical adenitis be treated? treatment options that have been successful in improving symptoms of this condition include: oral steroids (prednisone or prednisolone), tonsillectomy with adenoidectomy and cimetidine.
is mitochondrial membrane protein-associated neurodegeneration inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by perry syndrome ? <sep> perry syndrome is very rare; about 50 affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by cutis laxa ? <sep> cutis laxa is a rare disorder. about 200 affected families worldwide have been reported.
what are the treatments for myd88 deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of myd88 deficiency: - genetic testing registry: myd88 deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is myhre syndrome inherited ? <sep> how is myhre syndrome inherited? this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new (de novo) mutations in the gene that occur during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) or in early embryonic development. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is neonatal onset multisystem inflammatory disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in almost all cases, nomid results from new mutations. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. a few cases have been reported in which an affected person has inherited the mutation from one affected parent.
what are the treatments for werner syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of werner syndrome: - gene review: gene review: werner syndrome - genetic testing registry: werner syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by mandibuloacral dysplasia ? <sep> mandibuloacral dysplasia is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown.
what to do for what i need to know about diverticular disease ? <sep> - diverticular disease is more common in people as they grow older. - a low-fiber diet is the most likely cause of the disease. - most people are treated with a high-fiber diet and pain medication. - add whole grain foods, high-fiber fruits, and vegetables to your diet. - contact a doctor if you notice symptoms such as fever, chills, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, rectal bleeding, or change in bowel habits.
is ellis-van creveld syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to diagnose omsk hemorrhagic fever (ohf) ? <sep> ohf virus may be detected in blood samples by virus isolation in cell culture or using molecular techniques such as pcr. blood samples can also be tested for antibody presence using enzyme-linked immunosorbent seologic assay (elisa).
who is at risk for hendra virus disease (hev)? ? <sep> transmission of hendra virus to humans can occur after exposure to body fluids and tissues or excretions of horses infected with hendra virus. horses may be infected after exposure to virus in the urine of infected flying foxes. to date, no human-to-human transmission has been documented.
how many people are affected by progressive familial heart block ? <sep> the prevalence of progressive familial heart block is unknown. in the united states, about 1 in 5,000 individuals have complete heart block from any cause; worldwide, about 1 in 2,500 individuals have complete heart block.
is nakajo-nishimura syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for pilomatricoma ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pilomatricoma: - genetic testing registry: pilomatrixoma these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is familial encephalopathy with neuroserpin inclusion bodies inherited ? <sep> fenib is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in many cases, an affected person has a parent with the condition.
what is the outlook for pituitary tumors ? <sep> if diagnosed early enough, the prognosis is usually excellent. if diagnosis is delayed, even a non-functioning tumor can cause problems if it grows large enough to press on the optic nerves, the brain, or the carotid arteries (the vessels that bring blood to the brain). early diagnosis and treatment is the key to a good prognosis.
what are the treatments for factor x deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of factor x deficiency: - genetic testing registry: factor x deficiency - medlineplus encyclopedia: factor x assay these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) coccygodynia ? <sep> coccygodynia is a rare condition in that causes pain in and around the coccyx (tailbone). although various causes have been described for the condition, the more common causes are direct falls and injury.
what are the treatments for erb-duchenne and dejerine-klumpke palsies ? <sep> some brachial plexus injuries may heal without treatment. many children who are injured during birth improve or recover by 3 to 4 months of age. treatment for brachial plexus injuries includes physical therapy and, in some cases, surgery.
what is the outlook for tay-sachs disease ? <sep> even with the best of care, children with tay-sachs disease usually die by age 4, from recurring infection.
how many people are affected by dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase deficiency occurs in an estimated 1 in 35,000 to 48,000 individuals of ashkenazi jewish descent. this population typically has liver disease as the primary symptom. in other populations, the prevalence of dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase deficiency is unknown, but the condition is likely rare.
how many people are affected by 5-alpha reductase deficiency ? <sep> 5-alpha reductase deficiency is a rare condition; the exact incidence is unknown. large families with affected members have been found in several countries, including the dominican republic, papua new guinea, turkey, and egypt.
what are the treatments for surviving cancer ? <sep> talk to your doctor when you first notice symptoms of neuropathy. certain medications and other approaches, such as physical therapy, may help alleviate symptoms. there are some steps you can take yourself. pay careful attention to your hands and feet, and check them for wounds. pay attention when you walk and avoid falls. avoid extreme heat or cold.
is hepatic lipase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) prescription and illicit drug abuse ? <sep> marijuana is the most abused illicit drug among people 50 and older.
what are the symptoms of lupus nephritis ? <sep> the symptoms of lupus nephritis may include high blood pressure, foamy urine, and edemaswelling, usually in the legs, feet, or ankles and less often in the hands or face. kidney problems often develop at the same time or shortly after lupus symptoms appear and can include - joint pain or swelling - muscle pain - fever with no known cause - red rashes, often on the face, which are also called butterfly rashes because of their shape
what are the treatments for bowen-conradi syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of bowen-conradi syndrome: - genetic testing registry: bowen-conradi syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: feeding tube--infants these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome ? <sep> multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. it is one of several conditions classified as mitochondrial disorders, which affect an estimated 1 in 5,000 people worldwide.
what is (are) vulvar disorders ? <sep> the vulva is the external part of a woman's genitals. some problems you can have with the vulvar area include - bacterial or fungal infections - skin problems due to allergy - vulvar cancer - vulvodynia, or vulvar pain symptoms may include redness, itching, pain, or cracks in the skin. treatment depends on the cause.
what are the treatments for klver-bucy syndrome ? <sep> treatment is symptomatic and supportive, and may include drug therapy.
is hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
who is at risk for vasculitis? ? <sep> vasculitis can affect people of all ages and races and both sexes. some types of vasculitis seem to occur more often in people who: have certain medical conditions, such as chronic hepatitis b or c infection have certain autoimmune diseases, such a lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, and scleroderma smoke for more information, go to "types of vasculitis."
is hutchinson-gilford progeria syndrome inherited ? <sep> hutchinson-gilford progeria syndrome is considered an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. the condition results from new mutations in the lmna gene, and almost always occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is loeys-dietz syndrome inherited ? <sep> loeys-dietz syndrome is considered to have an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in about 75 percent of cases, this disorder results from a new gene mutation and occurs in people with no history of the disorder in their family. in other cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent.
what are the treatments for fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva: - genetic testing registry: progressive myositis ossificans these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis c ? <sep> chronic hepatitis c is a long-lasting infection with the hepatitis c virus. chronic hepatitis c occurs when the body cant get rid of the hepatitis c virus. most hepatitis c infections become chronic. without treatment, chronic hepatitis c can cause liver cancer or severe liver damage that leads to liver failure. liver failure occurs when the liver stops working properly.
what is (are) rickets ? <sep> rickets is a condition that causes children to have soft, weak bones. it usually occurs when children do not get enough vitamin d, which helps growing bones absorb important nutrients. vitamin d comes from sunlight and food. skin produces vitamin d in response to the sun's rays. some foods also contain vitamin d, including fortified dairy products and cereals, and some kinds of fish.
how many people are affected by smith-lemli-opitz syndrome ? <sep> smith-lemli-opitz syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 20,000 to 60,000 newborns. this condition is most common in whites of european ancestry, particularly people from central european countries such as slovakia and the czech republic. it is very rare among african and asian populations.
what causes multifocal motor neuropathy ? <sep> what causes multifocal motor neuropathy? the exact underlying cause of multifocal motor neuropathy (mmn) is poorly understood. it is considered an immune-mediated disorder (due to an abnormal immune system response), both because ivig therapy improves symptoms, and many patients have anti-gm1 antibodies. research to further understand the cause of mmn is underway.
what are the treatments for hypochondrogenesis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hypochondrogenesis: - genetic testing registry: hypochondrogenesis - medlineplus encyclopedia: achondrogenesis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for frontotemporal dementia ? <sep> the outcome for people with ftd is poor. the disease progresses steadily and often rapidly, ranging from less than 2 years in some individuals to more than 10 years in others. eventually some individuals with ftd will need 24-hour care and monitoring at home or in an institutionalized care setting.
how many people are affected by atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome ? <sep> the incidence of atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome is estimated to be 1 in 500,000 people per year in the united states. the atypical form is probably about 10 times less common than the typical form.
how many people are affected by cerebral cavernous malformation ? <sep> cerebral cavernous malformations affect about 0.5 percent of the population worldwide.
is glycogen storage disease type v inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by isobutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> ibd deficiency is a rare disorder; approximately 22 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by ataxia with vitamin e deficiency ? <sep> ataxia with vitamin e deficiency is a rare condition; however, its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for prostate cancer ? <sep> surgery, radiation therapy, and hormonal therapy all have the potential to disrupt sexual desire or performance for a short while or permanently. discuss your concerns with your health care provider. several options are available to help you manage sexual problems related to prostate cancer treatment.
how many people are affected by nonsyndromic holoprosencephaly ? <sep> nonsyndromic holoprosencephaly accounts for approximately 25 to 50 percent of all cases of holoprosencephaly, which affects an estimated 1 in 10,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by unverricht-lundborg disease ? <sep> progressive myoclonus epilepsy is a rare condition. unverricht-lundborg disease is believed to be the most common cause of this type of epilepsy, but its worldwide prevalence is unknown. unverricht-lundborg disease occurs most frequently in finland, where approximately 4 in 100,000 people are affected.
how many people are affected by actin-accumulation myopathy ? <sep> actin-accumulation myopathy is a rare disorder that has been identified in only a small number of individuals. its exact prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for cohen syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cohen syndrome: - gene review: gene review: cohen syndrome - genetic testing registry: cohen syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: hypotonia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for nasopharyngeal cancer ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the stage of the cancer (whether it affects part of the nasopharynx, involves the whole nasopharynx, or has spread to other places in the body). - the type of nasopharyngeal cancer. - the size of the tumor. - the patients age and general health.
is glucose phosphate isomerase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for chorea ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with chorea varies depending on the type of chorea and the associated disease. huntington's disease is a progressive, and ultimately, fatal disease. syndenham's chorea is treatable and curable.
how many people are affected by trichohepatoenteric syndrome ? <sep> trichohepatoenteric syndrome is a rare condition with an estimated prevalence of about 1 in 1 million people. at least 44 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for familial hdl deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of familial hdl deficiency: - genetic testing registry: familial hypoalphalipoproteinemia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is mucolipidosis iii gamma inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
who is at risk for prostate cancer? ? <sep> different factors increase or decrease the risk of developing prostate cancer. anything that increases a person's chance of developing a disease is called a risk factor. anything that decreases your chance of getting a disease is called a protective factor. for information about risk factors and protective factors for prostate cancer, see the pdq summary on prostate cancer prevention.
what causes medullary cystic kidney disease ? <sep> what causes medullary cystic kidney disease? there are 2 types of mckd, which are both inherited in an autosomal dominant manner but are caused by mutations in different genes. mckd 1 is caused by mutations in the mckd1 gene (which has not yet been identified) and mckd 2 is caused by mutations in the umod gene. exposure to seizure medication is not a known cause medullary cystic kidney disease.
what are the treatments for high blood pressure ? <sep> high blood pressure is treated with lifestyle changes and medicines. treatment can help control blood pressure, but it will not cure high blood pressure, even if your blood pressure readings appear normal. if you stop treatment, your blood pressure and risk for related health problems will rise. for a healthy future, follow your treatment plan closely. work with your health care team for lifelong blood pressure control.
what is the outlook for myopathy ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with a myopathy varies. some individuals have a normal life span and little or no disability. for others, however, the disorder may be progressive, severely disabling, life-threatening, or fatal.
what are the treatments for neuroleptic malignant syndrome ? <sep> generally, intensive care is needed. the neuroleptic or antipsychotic drug is discontinued, and the fever is treated aggressively. a muscle relaxant may be prescribed. dopaminergic drugs, such as a dopamine agonist, have been reported to be useful.
is alpha-methylacyl-coa racemase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes florid cemento-osseous dysplasia ? <sep> what causes florid cemento-osseous dysplasia? the cause of florid cemento-osseous dysplasia is not known. this condition is usually not familial (i.e., does not tend to run in families), however a rare familial form has been described in a few families. in these families the condition affected younger individuals, and the rate of lesion growth was rapid.
how many people are affected by mpv17-related hepatocerebral mitochondrial dna depletion syndrome ? <sep> mpv17-related hepatocerebral mitochondrial dna depletion syndrome is thought to be a rare condition. approximately 30 cases have been described in the scientific literature, including seven families with navajo neurohepatopathy. within the navajo nation of the southwestern united states, navajo neurohepatopathy is estimated to occur in 1 in 1,600 newborns.
is rheumatoid arthritis inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of rheumatoid arthritis is unclear because many genetic and environmental factors appear to be involved. however, having a close relative with rheumatoid arthritis likely increases a person's risk of developing the condition.
what are the treatments for behet disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of behet disease: - american behcet's disease association: diagnosis - american behcet's disease association: treatments - genetic testing registry: behcet's syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for inflammatory myopathies ? <sep> most cases of dermatomyositis respond to therapy. the prognosis for polymyositis varies. most individuals respond fairly well to therapy, but some people have a more severe disease that does not respond adequately to therapies and are left with significant disability. ibm is generally resistant to all therapies and its rate of progression appears to be unaffected by currently available treatments.
what are the treatments for x-linked dystonia-parkinsonism ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of x-linked dystonia-parkinsonism: - gene review: gene review: x-linked dystonia-parkinsonism syndrome - genetic testing registry: dystonia 3, torsion, x-linked these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for tietze syndrome ? <sep> how might tietze syndrome be treated? in some individuals, the pain associated with tietze syndrome resolves on its own without any treatment. management options for others may include avoidance of strenuous activity; applying local heat; taking pain medications and/or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs; and receiving local corticosteroid injections. although the pain usually subsides after several weeks or months, swelling may persist.
is sickle cell disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by renal hypouricemia ? <sep> the prevalence of renal hypouricemia is unknown; at least 150 affected individuals have been described in the scientific literature. this condition is thought to be most prevalent in asian countries such as japan and south korea, although affected individuals have been found in europe. renal hypouricemia is likely underdiagnosed because it does not cause any symptoms in many affected individuals.
is greenberg dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for kleine-levin syndrome ? <sep> ninds supports a broad range of clinical and basic research on diseases causing sleep disorders in an effort to clarify the mechanisms of these conditions and to develop better treatments for them.
what is the outlook for fabry disease ? <sep> individuals with fabry disease often die prematurely of complications from strokes, heart disease, or kidney failure.
how many people are affected by 3-m syndrome ? <sep> 3-m syndrome is a rare disorder. about 50 individuals with this disorder have been identified worldwide.
what is the outlook for congenital myopathy ? <sep> when breathing difficulties are severe, and particularly if there is also a problem with feeding and swallowing, infants may die of respiratory failure or complications such as pneumonia. sometimes muscle weakness can lead to skeletal problems, such as scoliosis, reduced mobility of joints, or hip problems. the heart muscle is rarely involved.
how many people are affected by mucopolysaccharidosis type iii ? <sep> mps iii is the most common type of mucopolysaccharidosis; the estimated incidence of all four types combined is 1 in 70,000 newborns. mps iiia and mps iiib are much more common than mps iiic and mps iiid.
how many people are affected by megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts ? <sep> megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts is a rare condition; its exact prevalence is unknown. more than 150 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
what is (are) cataract ? <sep> national eye institute national institutes of health 2020 vision place bethesda, md 20892-3655 301-496-5248 e-mail: 2020@nei.nih.gov www.nei.nih.gov for more information about intraocular lenses, or iols, contact: u.s. food and drug administration 10903 new hampshire avenue silver spring, md 20993-0002 1-888-463-6332 e-mail: webmail@oc.fda.gov
how many people are affected by jervell and lange-nielsen syndrome ? <sep> jervell and lange-nielsen syndrome is uncommon; it affects an estimated 1.6 to 6 per 1 million people worldwide. this condition has a higher prevalence in denmark, where it affects at least 1 in 200,000 people.
what causes lymphocytic vasculitis ? <sep> what causes lymphocytic vasculitis? lymphocytic vasculitis is thought to be caused by a number of different factors, such as infection, trauma, drug reaction, or an underlying condition such as arthritis. because this condition is rare and not yet well understood, it is believed that a full list of possible causes has yet to be assembled.
is childhood myocerebrohepatopathy spectrum inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for aceruloplasminemia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aceruloplasminemia: - gene review: gene review: aceruloplasminemia - genetic testing registry: deficiency of ferroxidase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes chromosome 3p- syndrome ? <sep> what causes chromosome 3p- syndrome? in most people with chromosome 3p- syndrome, the deletion occurs as a new mutation (called a de novo mutation) and is not inherited from a parent. de novo mutations are due to a random error that occurs during the formation of egg or sperm cells, or shortly after conception. in a few cases, the deletion is inherited from a parent.
how to diagnose amniotic band syndrome ? <sep> how is amniotic band syndrome diagnosed? the earliest reported detection of an amniotic band is at 12 weeks gestation, by vaginal ultrasound. on ultrasound the bands appear as thin, mobile lines, which may be seen attached to or around the baby. however these bands may be difficult to detect by ultrasound, and are more often diagnosed by the results of the fusion, such as missing or deformed limbs.
is congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by potocki-shaffer syndrome ? <sep> potocki-shaffer syndrome is a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. fewer than 100 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
who is at risk for mntriers disease? ? <sep> mntriers disease is rare. the disease is more common in men than in women. the average age at diagnosis is 55.2
how many people are affected by atelosteogenesis type 2 ? <sep> atelosteogenesis type 2 is an extremely rare genetic disorder; its incidence is unknown.
what is (are) left ventricular noncompaction ? <sep> left ventricular noncompaction (lvnc) is a rare heart condition. in lvnc the inside wall of the heart is spongy or grooved, instead of smooth. signs and symptoms of lvnc vary, but may cause life-threatening abnormal heart rhythms and weakness of the heart muscle. treatments, such as blood thinning medication and defibrillators, are available to control these heart symptoms. in rare cases, heart transplantation is needed.
is long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) divorce ? <sep> divorce is the legal breakup of a marriage. like every major life change, divorce is stressful. it affects finances, living arrangements, household jobs, schedules, and more. if the family includes children, they may be deeply affected.
who is at risk for diverticular disease? ? <sep> diverticulosis becomes more common as people age, particularly in people older than age 50.3 some people with diverticulosis develop diverticulitis, and the number of cases is increasing. although diverticular disease is generally thought to be a condition found in older adults, it is becoming more common in people younger than age 50, most of whom are male.1
is lafora progressive myoclonus epilepsy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) high blood cholesterol ? <sep> too much cholesterol in your blood is called high blood cholesterol. it can be serious. people with high blood cholesterol have a greater chance of getting heart disease. high blood cholesterol does not cause symptoms, so you may not be aware that your cholesterol level is too high.
what is the outlook for sotos syndrome ? <sep> sotos syndrome is not a life-threatening disorder and patients may have a normal life expectancy. the initial abnormalities of sotos syndrome usually resolve as the growth rate becomes normal after the first few years of life. developmental delays may improve in the school-age years, and adults with sotos syndrome are likely to be within the normal range for intellect and height. however, coordination problems may persist into adulthood.
how many people are affected by alpers-huttenlocher syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of alpers-huttenlocher syndrome is approximately 1 in 100,000 individuals.
what are the treatments for wernicke-korsakoff syndrome ? <sep> treatment involves replacement of thiamine and providing proper nutrition and hydration. in some cases, drug therapy is also recommended.stopping alcohol use may prevent further nerve and brain damage. in individuals with wernicke's encephalopathy, it is very important to start thiamine replacement before beginning nutritional replenishment.
is preeclampsia inherited ? <sep> most cases of preeclampsia do not seem to be inherited. the tendency to develop preeclampsia does seem to run in some families; however, the inheritance pattern is unknown.
is lynch syndrome inherited ? <sep> lynch syndrome cancer risk is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one inherited copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to increase cancer risk. it is important to note that people inherit an increased risk of cancer, not the disease itself. not all people who inherit mutations in these genes will develop cancer.
is majeed syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene. although carriers typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition, some parents of children with majeed syndrome have had an inflammatory skin disorder called psoriasis.
how many people are affected by 3-methylglutaconyl-coa hydratase deficiency ? <sep> 3-methylglutaconyl-coa hydratase deficiency is a rare disorder; at least 20 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
what is (are) primrose syndrome ? <sep> primrose syndrome is characterized by severe learning disabilities, bony ear cartilage, a hard bony growth in the roof of the mouth, cystic changes on the top of the upper arm and leg bones, cataracts, hearing loss, adult-onset progressive ataxia and nervous system disease, and brain calcification. the cause of the condition is currently unknown. treatment is supportive.
is bloom syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes pilocytic astrocytoma ? <sep> what causes pilocytic astrocytoma? the exact underlying cause of pilocytic astrocytomas is currently unknown. although most are thought to be sporadic (occurring by chance in an affected individual), they are known to be associated with certain genetic disorders including neurofibromatosis type i (nf1), li-fraumeni syndrome, and tuberous sclerosis.
what are the treatments for myopathy ? <sep> treatments for the myopathies depend on the disease or condition and specific causes. supportive and symptomatic treatment may be the only treatment available or necessary for some disorders. treatment for other disorders may include drug therapy, such as immunosuppressives, physical therapy, bracing to support weakened muscles, and surgery.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for todd's paralysis ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) conducts research related to todd's paralysis in its clinics and laboratories at the national institutes of health (nih), and supports additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding successful methods to prevent todd's paralysis in individuals with epilepsy.
what are the treatments for dubin-johnson syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of dubin-johnson syndrome: - genetic testing registry: dubin-johnson syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: bilirubin - medlineplus encyclopedia: dubin-johnson syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for skin cancer ? <sep> the national cancer institute has developed a comprehensive online cancer database called the physician data query (pdq) to present evidence from the most recent research on melanoma and other skin cancers. click here to see the pdq. a window will open. click the "x" in the upper right hand corner of the "pdq" window to return here.
what are the symptoms of bile duct cancer (cholangiocarcinoma) ? <sep> signs of bile duct cancer include jaundice and pain in the abdomen. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by bile duct cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - jaundice (yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes). - dark urine. - clay colored stool. - pain in the abdomen. - fever. - itchy skin. - nausea and vomiting. - weight loss for an unknown reason.
what are the treatments for ibids syndrome ? <sep> what treatment is available for tay syndrome? treatments for tay syndrome are symptomatic. there is no cure for ichthyosis, only treatments to help manage symptoms. the main treatment for ichthyosis is to hydrate (moisturize) the skin, hold in the moisture, and keep scale thickness to a minimum.
how many people are affected by rotor syndrome ? <sep> rotor syndrome is a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown.
what is the outlook for menkes disease ? <sep> since newborn screening for this disorder is not available, and early detection is infrequent because the clinical signs of menkes disease are subtle in the beginning, the disease is rarely treated early enough to make a significant difference. the prognosis for babies with menkes disease is poor. most children with menkes disease die within the first decade of life.
is trichohepatoenteric syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is alpha-mannosidosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for leukemia ? <sep> treatment depends on a number of factors, including the type of leukemia, the patient's age and general health, where leukemia cells have collected in the body, and whether the leukemia has been treated before. certain features of the leukemia cells and the patient's symptoms also may determine treatment options.
what are the treatments for vesicoureteral reflux ? <sep> secondary vur is treated by removing the blockage causing the reflux. treatment may involve - surgery - antibiotics - intermittent catheterizationdraining the bladder by inserting a thin tube, called a catheter, through the urethra to the bladder
what is (are) breast cancer ? <sep> a mammogram can often detect breast changes in women who have no signs of breast cancer. often, it can find a breast lump before it can be felt. if the results indicate that cancer might be present, your doctor will advise you to have a follow-up test called a biopsy.
what is (are) aniridia ? <sep> references national library of medicine. aniridia. genetics home reference. june 2009; http://ghr.nlm.nih.gov/condition/aniridia. accessed 3/30/2011. hingorani m, moore a. aniridia. genereviews. august 12, 2008; http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/nbk1360/. accessed 3/30/2011.
is autosomal dominant congenital stationary night blindness inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is mccune-albright syndrome inherited ? <sep> mccune-albright syndrome is not inherited. instead, it is caused by a random mutation in the gnas gene that occurs very early in development. as a result, some of the body's cells have a normal version of the gnas gene, while other cells have the mutated version. this phenomenon is called mosaicism. the severity of this disorder and its specific features depend on the number and location of cells that have the mutated gnas gene.
what are the treatments for autosomal recessive hypotrichosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of autosomal recessive hypotrichosis: - american academy of dermatology: hair loss: tips for managing - genetic testing registry: hypotrichosis 8 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by chordoma ? <sep> chordomas are rare, occurring in approximately 1 per million individuals each year. chordomas comprise fewer than 1 percent of tumors affecting the brain and spinal cord.
how many people are affected by klinefelter syndrome ? <sep> klinefelter syndrome affects 1 in 500 to 1,000 newborn males. most variants of klinefelter syndrome are much rarer, occurring in 1 in 50,000 or fewer newborns. researchers suspect that klinefelter syndrome is underdiagnosed because the condition may not be identified in people with mild signs and symptoms. additionally, the features of the condition vary and overlap significantly with those of other conditions.
how many people are affected by ohdo syndrome, maat-kievit-brunner type ? <sep> the maat-kievit-brunner type of ohdo syndrome is a very rare condition, with only a few affected individuals reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by carnitine palmitoyltransferase ii deficiency ? <sep> cpt ii deficiency is a rare disorder. the lethal neonatal form has been described in at least 18 families, while the severe infantile hepatocardiomuscular form has been identified in approximately 30 families. the myopathic form occurs most frequently, with more than 300 reported cases.
how many people are affected by lamellar ichthyosis ? <sep> lamellar ichthyosis is estimated to affect 1 in 100,000 individuals in the united states. this condition is more common in norway, where an estimated 1 in 91,000 individuals are affected.
what are the treatments for thiopurine s-methyltransferase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of thiopurine s-methyltransferase deficiency: - medlineplus drug: azathioprine - medlineplus drug: mercaptopurine - medlineplus drug: thioguanine these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for angelman syndrome ? <sep> most individuals with angelman syndrome will have severe developmental delays, speech limitations, and motor difficulties. however, individuals with angelman syndrome can have normal life spans and generally do not show developmental regression as they age. early diagnosis and tailored interventions and therapies help improve quality of life.
is ataxia with oculomotor apraxia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for psoriasis ? <sep> topical treatments are those that are applied directly to the skin. topical treatments for psoriasis include - salicylic acid, - steroid-based creams - calcipotriene-containing ointment - anthralin - coal-tar ointments and shampoos - and vitamin d analogues. salicylic acid, steroid-based creams calcipotriene-containing ointment anthralin coal-tar ointments and shampoos and vitamin d analogues.
what is (are) gout ? <sep> gout is a form of arthritis that causes sudden onset of intense pain and swelling in the joints, which also may be warm and red. attacks frequently occur at night and can be triggered by stressful events, alcohol or drugs, or the presence of another illness. sometime during the course of the disease, many people will develop gout in the big toe. gout frequently affects joints in the lower part of the body such as the knees, ankles, or toes.
how many people are affected by lesch-nyhan syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of lesch-nyhan syndrome is approximately 1 in 380,000 individuals. this condition occurs with a similar frequency in all populations.
how many people are affected by epidermolytic hyperkeratosis ? <sep> epidermolytic hyperkeratosis affects approximately 1 in 200,000 to 300,000 people worldwide.
how many people are affected by autosomal recessive congenital stationary night blindness ? <sep> autosomal recessive congenital stationary night blindness is likely a rare disease; however, its prevalence is unknown.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for whiplash ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on trauma-related disorders such as whiplash. much of this research focuses on increasing scientific understanding of these disorders and finding ways to prevent and treat them.
what is the outlook for childhood brain and spinal cord tumors ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery). the prognosis (chance of recovery) depends on the following: - whether there are any cancer cells left after surgery. - the type of tumor. - where the tumor is in the body. - the child's age. - whether the tumor has just been diagnosed or has recurred (come back).
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for gerstmann-straussler-scheinker disease ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts research on tses, including gss. much of this research is aimed at characterizing the agents that cause these disorders, clarifying the mechanisms underlying them, and, ultimately, finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
is hepatic veno-occlusive disease with immunodeficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to prevent pericarditis ? <sep> you usually can't prevent acute pericarditis. you can take steps to reduce your chance of having another acute episode, having complications, or getting chronic pericarditis. these steps include getting prompt treatment, following your treatment plan, and having ongoing medical care (as your doctor advises).
how many people are affected by congenital hepatic fibrosis ? <sep> isolated congenital hepatic fibrosis is rare. its prevalence is unknown. the total prevalence of syndromes that include congenital hepatic fibrosis as a feature is estimated to be 1 in 10,000 to 20,000 individuals.
is weyers acrofacial dysostosis inherited ? <sep> weyers acrofacial dysostosis is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered evc or evc2 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the altered gene from a parent who has the condition.
what are the treatments for sjgren-larsson syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sjgren-larsson syndrome: - genetic testing registry: sjgren-larsson syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for myasthenia gravis ? <sep> with treatment, most individuals with myasthenia can significantly improve their muscle weakness. some case of myasthenia gravis may go into remission temporarily, and muscle weakness may disappear so that medications can be discontinued. in a few cases, the severe weakness of myasthenia gravis may cause respiratory failure, which requires immediate emergency medical care.
how to diagnose lipodermatosclerosis ? <sep> how is lipodermatosclerosis diagnosed? lipodermatosclerosis is usually diagnosed based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. a skin biopsy and/or blood tests are usually not required to confirm a diagnosis but may be performed in rare cases. ultrasound scans and/or magnetic resonance imaging (mri) may be used to obtain more information regarding the severity of the condition and to determine the best treatment approach.
who is at risk for primary sclerosing cholangitis? ? <sep> most people with psc are adults but the disease also occurs in children. the average age at diagnosis is 40. psc is more common in men than women. having family members with psc may increase a person's risk for developing psc.
what are the treatments for factor v deficiency ? <sep> how is factor v deficiency treated? resources state that fresh plasma or fresh frozen plasma infusions will correct the deficiency temporarily and may be administered daily during a bleeding episode or after surgery. individuals with factor v deficiency should discuss treatment options with their primary health care provider and a hematologist.
how many people are affected by congenital diaphragmatic hernia ? <sep> congenital diaphragmatic hernia affects approximately 1 in 2,500 newborns.
how many people are affected by pallister-hall syndrome ? <sep> this condition is very rare; its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for charcot-marie-tooth disease ? <sep> there is no cure for cmt, but physical therapy, occupational therapy, braces and other orthopedic devices, and orthopedic surgery can help people cope with the disabling symptoms of the disease. in addition, pain-killing drugs can be prescribed for patients who have severe pain.
how many people are affected by cleidocranial dysplasia ? <sep> cleidocranial dysplasia occurs in approximately 1 per million individuals worldwide.
is rubinstein-taybi syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is considered to have an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for infantile spasms ? <sep> the ninds supports broad and varied programs of research on epilepsy and other seizure disorders. this research is aimed at discovering new ways to prevent, diagnose, and treat these disorders and, ultimately, to find cures for them. hopefully, more effective and safer treatments, such as neuroprotective agents, will be developed to treat is and west syndrome.
how many people are affected by weill-marchesani syndrome ? <sep> weill-marchesani syndrome appears to be rare; it has an estimated prevalence of 1 in 100,000 people.
how many people are affected by x-linked adrenoleukodystrophy ? <sep> the prevalence of x-linked adrenoleukodystrophy is 1 in 20,000 to 50,000 individuals worldwide. this condition occurs with a similar frequency in all populations.
what causes lymphomatoid papulosis ? <sep> what causes lymphomatoid papulosis? the cause of lymphomatoid papulosis is unknown, but it is associated with a proliferation of atypical t-cells. t-cells are specific white blood cells involved in immune responses.
what causes primrose syndrome ? <sep> what causes primrose syndrome? the cause of primrose syndrome is currently unknown. cases of affected males and a affected female have been reported in the literature. all cases seem to be sporadic. sporadic refers to either a genetic disorder that occurs for the first time in a family due to a new mutation or the chance occurrence of a non-genetic disorder or abnormality that is not likely to recur in a family.
how many people are affected by capillary malformation-arteriovenous malformation syndrome ? <sep> cm-avm is thought to occur in at least 1 in 100,000 people of northern european origin. the prevalence of the condition in other populations is unknown.
what are the treatments for 2q37 deletion syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 2q37 deletion syndrome: - gene review: gene review: 2q37 microdeletion syndrome - genetic testing registry: brachydactyly-mental retardation syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata ? <sep> rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata affects fewer than 1 in 100,000 people worldwide. rcdp1 is more common than rcdp2 or rcdp3.
how many people are affected by hereditary folate malabsorption ? <sep> the prevalence of hereditary folate malabsorption is unknown. approximately 15 affected families have been reported worldwide. researchers believe that some infants with this disorder may not get diagnosed or treated, particularly in areas where advanced medical care is not available.
how many people are affected by wolf-hirschhorn syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of wolf-hirschhorn syndrome is estimated to be 1 in 50,000 births. however, this may be an underestimate because it is likely that some affected individuals are never diagnosed. for unknown reasons, wolf-hirschhorn syndrome occurs in about twice as many females as males.
how many people are affected by caudal regression syndrome ? <sep> caudal regression syndrome is estimated to occur in 1 to 2.5 per 100,000 newborns. this condition is much more common in infants born to mothers with diabetes when it affects an estimated 1 in 350 newborns.
how many people are affected by x-linked immunodeficiency with magnesium defect, epstein-barr virus infection, and neoplasia ? <sep> the prevalence of xmen is unknown. only a few affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome ? <sep> alps is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. more than 200 affected individuals have been identified worldwide.
is primary hyperoxaluria type 2 inherited ? <sep> how is primary hyperoxaluria type 2 inherited? primary hyperoxaluria type 2 is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by factor v deficiency ? <sep> factor v deficiency affects an estimated 1 in 1 million people. this condition is more common in countries such as iran and southern india, where it occurs up to ten times more frequently than in western countries.
what are the genetic changes related to apert syndrome ? <sep> mutations in the fgfr2 gene cause apert syndrome. this gene produces a protein called fibroblast growth factor receptor 2. among its multiple functions, this protein signals immature cells to become bone cells during embryonic development. a mutation in a specific part of the fgfr2 gene alters the protein and causes prolonged signaling, which can promote the premature fusion of bones in the skull, hands, and feet.
what are the treatments for spondyloperipheral dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of spondyloperipheral dysplasia: - genetic testing registry: spondyloperipheral dysplasia - medlineplus encyclopedia: nearsightedness these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for rickets ? <sep> what treatment is available for rickets? the treatment for rickets depends on the cause of the condition. if rickets is caused by a lack of vitamin d in the diet, then it is usually treated with carefully adjusted levels of vitamin d and calcium. the child's condition may improve within a few weeks of treatment. if rickets is caused by an inherited disorder or another medical condition, a healthcare provider would determine the appropriate treatment.
what is the outlook for neuroacanthocytosis ? <sep> neuroacanthocytosis is a progressive disease, and in some cases may be complicated by poor nutritional status, cardiac abnormalities, and pneumonia.
how many people are affected by myh9-related disorder ? <sep> the incidence of myh9-related disorder is unknown. more than 200 affected families have been reported in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by piebaldism ? <sep> the prevalence of piebaldism is unknown.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for pelizaeus-merzbacher disease ? <sep> ninds supports research on gene-linked disorders, including the leukodystrophies. the goals of this research are to increase scientific understanding of these disorders and to find ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure them.
what is (are) age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> the daily amounts used by the study researchers were 500 milligrams of vitamin c, 400 international units of vitamin e, 15 milligrams of beta-carotene, 80 milligrams of zinc as zinc oxide, and 2 milligrams of copper as cupric oxide. copper was added to the areds formulation containing zinc to prevent copper deficiency anemia, a condition associated with high levels of zinc intake.
what is (are) pseudoachondroplasia ? <sep> pseudoachondroplasia is an inherited disorder of bone growth which is characterized by short stature. other features include short arms and legs, a waddling walk, early-onset joint pain (osteoarthritis), and a limited range of motion at the elbows and hips. intelligence, facial features and head size are normal. pseudoachondroplasia is caused by mutations in the comp gene. this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern.
what is (are) miller-dieker syndrome ? <sep> miller-dieker syndrome is a genetic condition characterized by lissencephaly, typical facial features, and severe neurologic abnormalities. symptoms may include severe intellectual disability, developmental delay, seizures, muscle stiffness, weak muscle tone and feeding difficulties. miller-dieker syndrome is caused by a deletion of genetic material near the end of the short (p) arm of chromosome 17. treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
how many people are affected by auriculo-condylar syndrome ? <sep> auriculo-condylar syndrome appears to be a rare disorder. more than two dozen affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by hereditary diffuse gastric cancer ? <sep> gastric cancer is the fourth most common form of cancer worldwide, affecting 900,000 people per year. hdgc probably accounts for less than 1 percent of these cases.
is citrullinemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by combined pituitary hormone deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of combined pituitary hormone deficiency is estimated to be 1 in 8,000 individuals worldwide.
what are the treatments for generalized gangliosidoses ? <sep> no specific treatment exists for the gangliosidoses. anticonvulsants may initially control seizures. other supportive treatment includes proper nutrition and hydration and keeping the airway open.
is henoch-schonlein purpura inherited ? <sep> can henoch-schonlein purpura be inherited? the cause of henoch-schonlein purpura is currently unknown. some evidence suggests that genetic predisposition may contribute to the development of this disease in some cases. only a few families with multiple relatives affected by hsp have been reported in the medical literature. the association between particular genes and a slight increase in the chance of developing hsp has not been proven.
is autoimmune polyglandular syndrome, type 1 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by paget disease of bone ? <sep> classic paget disease of bone occurs in approximately 1 percent of people older than 40 in the united states. scientists estimate that about 1 million people in this country have the disease. it is most common in people of western european heritage. early-onset paget disease of bone is much rarer. this form of the disorder has been reported in only a few families.
how many people are affected by cone-rod dystrophy ? <sep> cone-rod dystrophy is estimated to affect 1 in 30,000 to 40,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by weissenbacher-zweymller syndrome ? <sep> weissenbacher-zweymller syndrome is very rare; only a few families with the disorder have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by bartter syndrome ? <sep> the exact prevalence of this disorder is unknown, although it likely affects about 1 per million people worldwide. the condition appears to be more common in costa rica and kuwait than in other populations.
is chst3-related skeletal dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> the incidence of lchad deficiency is unknown. one estimate, based on a finnish population, indicates that 1 in 62,000 pregnancies is affected by this disorder. in the united states, the incidence is probably much lower.
what are the treatments for intranuclear rod myopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of intranuclear rod myopathy: - genetic testing registry: nemaline myopathy 3 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
who is at risk for prostate cancer? ? <sep> scientists have wondered whether obesity, lack of exercise, smoking, and radiation exposure, might increase risk. but at this time, there is no conclusive evidence that any of these factors contribute to an increased risk.
how many people are affected by congenital bilateral absence of the vas deferens ? <sep> this condition is responsible for 1 percent to 2 percent of all infertility in men.
is caudal regression syndrome inherited ? <sep> caudal regression syndrome occurs sporadically, which means it occurs in people with no history of the condition in their family. multiple genetic and environmental factors likely play a part in determining the risk of developing this condition.
how many people are affected by malignant hyperthermia ? <sep> malignant hyperthermia occurs in 1 in 5,000 to 50,000 instances in which people are given anesthetic gases. susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia is probably more frequent, because many people with an increased risk of this condition are never exposed to drugs that trigger a reaction.
how many people are affected by shwachman-diamond syndrome ? <sep> researchers are not sure how common shwachman-diamond syndrome is. several hundred cases have been reported in scientific studies.
what are the treatments for pitt-hopkins syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pitt-hopkins syndrome: - gene review: gene review: pitt-hopkins syndrome - genetic testing registry: pitt-hopkins syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is achondroplasia inherited ? <sep> is achondroplasia inherited? most cases of achondroplasia are not inherited. when it is inherited, it follows an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance. about 80% of individuals who have achondroplasia have parents with normal stature and are born with the condition as a result of a new (de novo) gene alteration (mutation). each individual with achondroplasia has a 50% chance, with each pregnancy, to pass on the mutated gene.
what is (are) colorectal cancer ? <sep> cancer of the colon or rectum is called colorectal cancer. the colon and the rectum are part of the large intestine, which is part of the digestive system. colorectal cancer occurs when malignant tumors form in the lining of the large intestine, also called the large bowel.
what is the outlook for multiple system atrophy with orthostatic hypotension ? <sep> most individuals with multiple system atrophy with orthostatic hypotension die within 7 to 10 years after the onset of symptoms. a problem with the respiratory system is the most common cause of death.
what are the treatments for cerebral hypoxia ? <sep> treatment depends on the underlying cause of the hypoxia, but basic life-support systems have to be put in place: mechanical ventilation to secure the airway; fluids, blood products, or medications to support blood pressure and heart rate; and medications to suppress seizures.
how many people are affected by essential thrombocythemia ? <sep> essential thrombocythemia affects an estimated 1 to 24 per 1 million people worldwide.
how many people are affected by deafness-dystonia-optic neuronopathy syndrome ? <sep> ddon syndrome is a rare disorder; it has been reported in fewer than 70 people worldwide.
what are the treatments for dysautonomia ? <sep> there is usually no cure for dysautonomia. secondary forms may improve with treatment of the underlying disease. in many cases treatment of primary dysautonomia is symptomatic and supportive. measures to combat orthostatic hypotension include elevation of the head of the bed, water bolus (rapid infusion of water given intravenously), a high-salt diet, and drugs such as fludrocortisone and midodrine.
who is at risk for chronic myelomonocytic leukemia? ? <sep> older age and being male increase the risk of chronic myelomonocytic leukemia. anything that increases your chance of getting a disease is called a risk factor. possible risk factors for cmml include the following: - older age. - being male. - being exposed to certain substances at work or in the environment. - being exposed to radiation. - past treatment with certain anticancer drugs.
is schindler disease type 1 inherited ? <sep> how is schindler disease type 1 inherited? schindler disease type 1 is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern. this means that both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically so not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is refsum disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by gm3 synthase deficiency ? <sep> gm3 synthase deficiency appears to be a rare condition. about 50 cases have been reported, mostly from old order amish communities.
what is (are) colorectal cancer ? <sep> the three standard treatments for colon cancer are surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation. surgery, however, is the most common first step in the treatment for all stages of colon cancer. surgery is an operation to remove the cancer. a doctor may remove the cancer using several types of surgery. for rectal cancer, radiation treatment also is an option.
what are the treatments for benign essential blepharospasm ? <sep> in most cases of beb the treatment of choice is botulinum toxin injections which relax the muscles and stop the spasms. other treatment options include medications (drug therapy) or surgery--either local surgery of the eye muscles or deep brain stimulation surgery.
what causes what i need to know about bladder control for women ? <sep> urine leakage has many possible causes.
what are the symptoms of hematuria (blood in the urine) ? <sep> most people with microscopic hematuria do not have symptoms. people with gross hematuria have urine that is pink, red, or cola-colored due to the presence of red blood cells (rbcs). even a small amount of blood in the urine can cause urine to change color. in most cases, people with gross hematuria do not have other symptoms. however, people with gross hematuria that includes blood clots in the urine may have pain.
what are the treatments for osteoglophonic dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of osteoglophonic dysplasia: - genetic testing registry: osteoglophonic dysplasia - seattle children's hospital: dwarfism and bone dysplasias these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is primary ciliary dyskinesia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for learning disabilities ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) support research learning disabilities through grants to major research institutions across the country. current research avenues focus on developing techniques to diagnose and treat learning disabilities and increase understanding of their biological basis.
is cav3-related distal myopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with cav3-related distal myopathy or another caveolinopathy. rare cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of caveolinopathies in their family.
what is the outlook for olivopontocerebellar atrophy ? <sep> there is no cure for opca. the disorder is slowly progressive with death usually occurring approximately 20 years after onset.
how many people are affected by pyruvate carboxylase deficiency ? <sep> pyruvate carboxylase deficiency is a rare condition, with an estimated incidence of 1 in 250,000 births worldwide. this disorder appears to be much more common in some algonkian indian tribes in eastern canada.
is spastic paraplegia type 3a inherited ? <sep> spastic paraplegia type 3a is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in approximately 95 percent of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent.
is cyclic neutropenia inherited ? <sep> cyclic neutropenia is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for autism ? <sep> there is no cure for autism. therapies and behavioral interventions are designed to remedy specific symptoms and can bring about substantial improvement. the ideal treatment plan coordinates therapies and interventions that meet the specific needs of individual children. treatment options include educational/bahavioral interventions, medications, and other therapies. most professionals agree that the earlier the intervention, the better.
what are the treatments for tay-sachs disease ? <sep> presently there is no specific treatment for tay-sachs disease. anticonvulsant medicine may initially control seizures. other supportive treatment includes proper nutrition and hydration and techniques to keep the airway open. children may eventually need a feeding tube.
what is the outlook for central pontine myelinolysis ? <sep> the prognosis for myelinolysis varies. some individuals die and others recover completely. although the disorder was originally considered to have a mortality rate of 50 percent or more, improved imaging techniques and early diagnosis have led to a better prognosis for many people. most individuals improve gradually, but still continue to have challenges with speech, walking, emotional ups and downs, and forgetfulness.
is autosomal recessive congenital stationary night blindness inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to diagnose binswanger's disease ? <sep> how is binswanger's disease diagnosed? a diagnosis of binswanger's disease is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. additional testing can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. this generally consists of imaging studies of the brain (i.e. ct scan and/or mri scan).
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for schilder's disease ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts an extensive research program on demyelinating disorders such as schilder's disease. much of this research focuses on learning more about these disorders and finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
what causes gum (periodontal) disease ? <sep> gum disease is caused by dental plaque -- a sticky film of bacteria that builds up on teeth. regular brushing and flossing help get rid of plaque. but plaque that is not removed can harden and form tartar that brushing doesn't clean. only a professional cleaning by a dentist or dental hygienist can remove tartar.
how many people are affected by ethylmalonic encephalopathy ? <sep> about 30 individuals with this condition have been identified worldwide, mostly in mediterranean and arab populations. although ethylmalonic encephalopathy appears to be very rare, researchers suggest that some cases have been misdiagnosed as other neurologic disorders.
what is the outlook for sunct headache ? <sep> there is no cure for these headaches. the disorder is not fatal but can cause considerable discomfort.
what is the outlook for kearns-sayre syndrome ? <sep> kss is a slowly progressive disorder. the prognosis for individuals with kss varies depending on the severity and the number of organs involved. early diagnosis and periodic electrocardiogram (ecg) are important since heart block can cause death in 20 percent of patients. early pacemaker implantation can be of great benefit and offer a longer life expectancy in many patients.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for pervasive developmental disorders ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on developmental disabilities, including pdd. much of this research focuses on understanding the neurological basis of pdd and on developing techniques to diagnose, treat, prevent, and ultimately cure this and similar disorders.
what causes afibrinogenemia ? <sep> what causes afibrinogenemia? afibrinogenemia is caused by a severe lack of fibrinogen (coagulation factor i), a protein in the blood that is essential in the blood clotting (coagulation) process. this defect in fibrinogen synthesis can result from mutations in one or another of the fibrinogen genes alpha (fga), beta (fgb) or gamma (fgg).
what is the outlook for klver-bucy syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for klver-bucy syndrome. the disorder is not life-threatening, but the patient can be difficult to manage. with treatment, symptoms may slowly decline.
is cold urticaria inherited ? <sep> is cold urticaria inherited? cold urticaria is not thought to be inherited. most cases occur sporadically in people with no family history of the condition.
what are the treatments for leigh's disease ? <sep> the most common treatment for leigh's disease is thiamine or vitamin b1. oral sodium bicarbonate or sodium citrate may also be prescribed to manage lactic acidosis. researchers are currently testing dichloroacetate to establish its effectiveness in treating lactic acidosis. in individuals who have the x-linked form of leighs disease, a high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet may be recommended.
is multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a inherited ? <sep> how is multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a inherited? multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a (men 2a) is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern. a person with men 2a often inherits the altered ret gene from one parent with the condition.
is very long-chain acyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is brugada syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition. other cases may result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coa lyase deficiency ? <sep> hmg-coa lyase deficiency is a rare condition; it has been reported in fewer than 100 individuals worldwide. most people diagnosed with this disorder have been from saudi arabia, portugal, or spain.
how many people are affected by fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva ? <sep> fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva is a very rare disorder, believed to occur in approximately 1 in 2 million people worldwide. several hundred cases have been reported.
what to do for what i need to know about gas ? <sep> your eating habits and diet affect the amount of gas you have. for example, eating and drinking too fast can cause you to swallow more air. and you may have more gas after you eat certain carbohydrates. track what you eat and your gas symptoms to find out what foods cause you to have more gas. avoid or eat less of the foods that cause your gas symptoms.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for diabetic retinopathy ? <sep> the national eye institute, or nei, is conducting and supporting research that seeks better ways to detect, treat, and prevent vision loss in people with diabetes. this research is conducted through studies in the laboratory and with patients. for example, researchers are studying drugs for the treatment of proliferative retinopathy that may reduce the need for laser surgery.
how many people are affected by maffucci syndrome ? <sep> maffucci syndrome is very rare. since it was first described in 1881, fewer than 200 cases have been reported worldwide.
what is the outlook for arachnoid cysts ? <sep> untreated, arachnoid cysts may cause permanent severe neurological damage when progressive expansion of the cyst(s) or bleeding into the cyst injures the brain or spinal cord. symptoms usually resolve or improve with treatment.
how many people are affected by fish-eye disease ? <sep> fish-eye disease is a rare disorder. approximately 30 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what is (are) marshall syndrome ? <sep> marshall syndrome is an inherited condition characterized by a distinctive facial appearance, eye abnormalities, hearing loss, and early-onset arthritis. those with marshall syndrome can also have short stature. some researchers have argued that marshall syndrome represents a variant form of stickler syndrome; but this remains controversial. marshall syndrome is caused by mutations in the col11a1 gene and is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion.
is spondyloperipheral dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is probably inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by phosphoglycerate mutase deficiency ? <sep> phosphoglycerate mutase deficiency is a rare condition; about 15 affected people have been reported in the medical literature. most affected individuals have been african american.
how to diagnose what i need to know about diarrhea ? <sep> to find the cause of diarrhea, the health care provider may - perform a physical exam - ask about any medicines you are taking - test your stool or blood to look for bacteria, parasites, or other signs of disease or infection - ask you to stop eating certain foods to see whether your diarrhea goes away if you have chronic diarrhea, your health care provider may perform other tests to look for signs of disease.
what is (are) what i need to know about gas ? <sep> gas is air in the digestive tract. gas leaves the body when people burp through the mouth or pass gas through the anus*the opening at the end of the digestive tract where stool leaves the body. everyone has gas. burping and passing gas are normal. many people believe that they burp or pass gas too often and that they have too much gas. having too much gas is rare.
what are the treatments for porencephaly ? <sep> treatment may include physical therapy, medication for seizures, and the placement of a shunt in the brain to remove excess fluid in the brain.
what are the treatments for polycythemia vera ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of polycythemia vera: - genetic testing registry: polycythemia vera - mpn research foundation: diagnosis - medlineplus encyclopedia: polycythemia vera these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for essential tremor ? <sep> although essential tremor is not life-threatening, it can make it harder to perform daily tasks and is embarrassing to some people. tremor frequency may decrease as the person ages, but the severity may increase, affecting the person's ability to perform certain tasks or activities of daily living. in many people the tremor may be mild throughout life.
how many people are affected by lenz microphthalmia syndrome ? <sep> lenz microphthalmia syndrome is a very rare condition; its incidence is unknown. it has been identified in only a few families worldwide.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for myotonia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke supports and conducts an extensive research program on neuromuscular disorders. the goals of this research are to learn more about these disorders and to find ways to treat, prevent, and cure them.
how many people are affected by costeff syndrome ? <sep> costeff syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 10,000 individuals in the iraqi jewish population, in which at least 40 cases have been described. outside this population, only a few affected individuals have been identified.
is retinal arterial macroaneurysm with supravalvular pulmonic stenosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is potassium-aggravated myotonia inherited ? <sep> potassium-aggravated myotonia is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits a mutation in the scn4a gene from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
is ankyloblepharon-ectodermal defects-cleft lip/palate syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what is (are) congenital pulmonary alveolar proteinosis ? <sep> congenital pulmonary alveolar proteinosis is a rare form of respiratory failure that is present from birth. in this condition, a type of protein builds up in the air sacs (alveoli) of the lungs, making breathing difficult. congenital pulmonary alveolar proteinosis is caused by mutations in the sftpb, sftpc, abca3, or csf2ra gene, and it is typically inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern.
is autosomal dominant partial epilepsy with auditory features inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered lgi1 gene in each cell is sufficient to raise the risk of developing epilepsy. about two-thirds of people who inherit a mutation in this gene will develop seizures. in most cases, an affected person has one affected parent and other relatives with the condition.
what are the treatments for maternally inherited diabetes and deafness ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of midd: - genetic testing registry: diabetes-deafness syndrome maternally transmitted these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for normal pressure hydrocephalus ? <sep> treatment for nph involves surgical placement of a shunt in the brain to drain excess csf into the abdomen where it can be absorbed as part of the normal circulatory process. this allows the brain ventricles to return to their normal size. regular follow-up care by a physician is important in order to identify subtle changes that might indicate problems with the shunt.
is chandler's syndrome inherited ? <sep> is chandler's syndrome inherited? while the cause of chandler's syndrome is unknown, at this time there is no evidence that it is inherited (hereditary).
how many people are affected by x-linked hyper igm syndrome ? <sep> x-linked hyper igm syndrome is estimated to occur in 2 per million newborn boys.
how many people are affected by isolated duane retraction syndrome ? <sep> isolated duane retraction syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 1,000 people worldwide. this condition accounts for 1 percent to 5 percent of all cases of abnormal eye alignment (strabismus). for unknown reasons, isolated duane syndrome affects females more often than males.
how to diagnose what i need to know about cirrhosis ? <sep> your doctor will examine you and may perform - blood tests to see whether your liver is working properly - imaging tests, which may show the size of your liver and show swelling or shrinkage - a liver biopsy, in which a doctor uses a needle to take a small piece of liver tissue to view with a microscope to look for scar tissue
how many people are affected by microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type ii ? <sep> mopdii appears to be a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for scleroderma ? <sep> how might scleroderma be treated? currently, there is not a cure for scleroderma, however treatments are available to relieve symptoms and limit damage. treatment will vary depending on your symptoms.
how many people are affected by complete lcat deficiency ? <sep> complete lcat deficiency is a rare disorder. approximately 70 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what causes diabetic mastopathy ? <sep> what causes diabetic mastopathy? the cause of diabetic mastopathy is unknown. theories include an autoimmune reaction, genetic factors such as human leukocyte antigen (hla) type, association with insulin therapy, and association with hyperglycemia.
how many people are affected by myoclonus-dystonia ? <sep> the prevalence of myoclonus-dystonia is unknown. this condition has been described in people worldwide.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for tardive dyskinesia ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a broad range of research on movement disorders including tardive dyskinesia. the goals of this research are to improve understanding of these disorders and to discover ways to treat, prevent, and, ultimately, cure them.
is amish lethal microcephaly inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for dravet syndrome ? <sep> as children with dravet syndrome get older, their decline in cognitive function stabilizes, and in many, it improves slightly. however, most teenagers with dravet syndrome are dependent on caregivers. the degree of cognitive impairment appears to correlate with the frequency of seizures.
what are the symptoms of chronic myelogenous leukemia ? <sep> signs and symptoms of chronic myelogenous leukemia include fever, night sweats, and tiredness. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by cml or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - feeling very tired. - weight loss for no known reason. - night sweats. - fever. - pain or a feeling of fullness below the ribs on the left side. sometimes cml does not cause any symptoms at all.
what is the outlook for sturge-weber syndrome ? <sep> although it is possible for the birthmark and atrophy in the cerebral cortex to be present without symptoms, most infants will develop convulsive seizures during their first year of life. there is a greater likelihood of intellectual impairment when seizures start before the age of 2 and are resistant to treatment. prognosis is worst in the minority of children who have both sides of the brain affected by the blood vessel abnormalities.
is pilomatricoma inherited ? <sep> most people with isolated pilomatricoma do not have any other affected family members. however, rare families with multiple affected members have been reported. in these cases, the inheritance pattern of the condition (if any) is unknown.
is dystonia 6 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell can be sufficient to cause the disorder. some people who inherit the altered gene never develop the condition, a situation known as reduced penetrance.
what is (are) romano-ward syndrome ? <sep> romano-ward syndrome is a condition that causes a disruption of the heart's normal rhythm (arrhythmia). this disorder is a form of long qt syndrome, which is a heart condition that causes the heart (cardiac) muscle to take longer than usual to recharge between beats. the irregular heartbeats can lead to fainting (syncope) or cardiac arrest and sudden death.
how many people are affected by glycogen storage disease type ix ? <sep> gsd ix that affects the liver is estimated to occur in 1 in 100,000 people. the forms of the disease that affect muscles or both muscles and liver are much less common, although the prevalence is unknown.
is familial hypobetalipoproteinemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal codominant pattern. codominance means that copies of the gene from both parents are active (expressed), and both copies influence the genetic trait. in fhbl, a change in one copy of the apob gene in each cell can cause the condition, but changes in both copies of the gene cause more severe health problems.
is hereditary angiopathy with nephropathy, aneurysms, and muscle cramps syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for multiple system atrophy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of multiple system atrophy: - genetic testing registry: shy-drager syndrome - vanderbilt autonomic dysfunction center these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for essential pentosuria ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of essential pentosuria: - genetic testing registry: essential pentosuria these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by smith-magenis syndrome ? <sep> smith-magenis syndrome affects at least 1 in 25,000 individuals worldwide. researchers believe that many people with this condition are not diagnosed, however, so the true prevalence may be closer to 1 in 15,000 individuals.
what are the treatments for nonsyndromic aplasia cutis congenita ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of nonsyndromic aplasia cutis congenita: - genetic testing registry: aplasia cutis congenita these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes dry eye ? <sep> most people with dry eye will not have serious problems, but severe dry eye may lead to inflammation, ulcers, or scars on the cornea, and some loss of vision. permanent loss of vision from dry eye is uncommon.
how many people are affected by familial adenomatous polyposis ? <sep> the reported incidence of familial adenomatous polyposis varies from 1 in 7,000 to 1 in 22,000 individuals.
is juvenile primary lateral sclerosis inherited ? <sep> how is juvenile primary lateral sclerosis inherited? juvenile primary lateral sclerosis is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for heart failure ? <sep> treatment for heart failure includes lifestyle changes medications specialized care for those in advanced stages of the disease.
how to diagnose 2009 h1n1 flu ? <sep> content on this page was developed during the 2009-2010 h1n1 pandemic and has not been updated. - the h1n1 virus that caused that pandemic is now a regular human flu virus and continues to circulate seasonally worldwide. - the english language content on this website is being archived for historic and reference purposes only. general information information for health care professionals
how many people are affected by greig cephalopolysyndactyly syndrome ? <sep> this condition is very rare; its prevalence is unknown.
how to diagnose situs inversus ? <sep> how is situs inversus diagnosed? a thorough physical examination, followed by radiographic imaging of the chest and abdomen and electrocardiography, identify most cases of situs inversus. the main diagnostic challenge in affected people is the non-traditional presence of referred pain (pain felt in a different location than its source).
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for locked-in syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research on neurological disorders that can cause locked-in syndrome. the goals of this research are to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure these disorders.
what are the treatments for frontometaphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of frontometaphyseal dysplasia: - gene review: gene review: otopalatodigital spectrum disorders - genetic testing registry: frontometaphyseal dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by ewing sarcoma ? <sep> approximately 3 per 1 million children each year are diagnosed with a ewing sarcoma. it is estimated that, in the united states, 250 children are diagnosed with one of these types of tumor each year. ewing sarcoma accounts for about 1.5 percent of all childhood cancers, and it is the second most common type of bone tumor in children (the most common type of bone cancer is called osteosarcoma).
how many people are affected by cant syndrome ? <sep> cant syndrome is a rare condition. about three dozen affected individuals have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by pelizaeus-merzbacher disease ? <sep> the prevalence of pelizaeus-merzbacher disease is estimated to be 1 in 200,000 to 500,000 males in the united states. this condition rarely affects females.
how many people are affected by cold-induced sweating syndrome ? <sep> cold-induced sweating syndrome is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. the condition was first identified in the sardinian population, but it has since been reported in regions worldwide.
what are the treatments for irritable bowel syndrome in children ? <sep> though there is no cure for ibs, the symptoms can be treated with a combination of the following: - changes in eating, diet, and nutrition - medications - probiotics - therapies for mental health problems
what are the treatments for lesch-nyhan syndrome ? <sep> treatment for lns is symptomatic. gout can be treated with allopurinol to control excessive amounts of uric acid. kidney stones may be treated with lithotripsy, a technique for breaking up kidney stones using shock waves or laser beams. there is no standard treatment for the neurological symptoms of lns. some may be relieved with the drugs carbidopa/levodopa, diazepam, phenobarbital, or haloperidol.
what to do for short bowel syndrome ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing short bowel syndrome.
how many people are affected by nager syndrome ? <sep> nager syndrome is a rare condition, although its prevalence is unknown. more than 75 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what to do for autoimmune hepatitis ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing autoimmune hepatitis.
is spastic paraplegia type 7 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by stickler syndrome ? <sep> stickler syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 7,500 to 9,000 newborns. type i is the most common form of the condition.
what are the treatments for rapadilino syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of rapadilino syndrome: - genetic testing registry: rapadilino syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for cole disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cole disease: - genetic testing registry: cole disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by tuberous sclerosis complex ? <sep> tuberous sclerosis complex affects about 1 in 6,000 people.
what are the treatments for autosomal dominant congenital stationary night blindness ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of autosomal dominant congenital stationary night blindness: - genetic testing registry: congenital stationary night blindness these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is cerebral cavernous malformation inherited ? <sep> this condition has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in the familial form, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. most people with cerebral cavernous malformations have the sporadic form of the disorder. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by succinyl-coa:3-ketoacid coa transferase deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of scot deficiency is unknown. more than 20 cases of this condition have been reported in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia with immune deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of the x-linked recessive type of eda-id is estimated to be 1 in 250,000 individuals. only a few cases of the autosomal dominant form have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by frontonasal dysplasia ? <sep> frontonasal dysplasia is likely a rare condition; at least 100 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
is methemoglobinemia, beta-globin type inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how to diagnose catamenial pneumothorax ? <sep> how might catamenial pneumothorax be diagnosed? the diagnosis should be suspected in women of reproductive age who have several episodes of spontaneous lung collapse (pneumothoraces) and have endometriosis. medical thoracoscopy or video-assisted thoracoscopy may confirm the diagnosis.
how many people are affected by mucopolysaccharidosis type iv ? <sep> the exact prevalence of mps iv is unknown, although it is estimated to occur in 1 in 200,000 to 300,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by alzheimer disease ? <sep> alzheimer disease currently affects an estimated 2.4 million to 4.5 million americans. because the risk of developing alzheimer disease increases with age and more people are living longer, the number of people with this disease is expected to increase significantly in coming decades.
what are the treatments for progressive osseous heteroplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of progressive osseous heteroplasia: - genetic testing registry: progressive osseous heteroplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by t-cell immunodeficiency, congenital alopecia, and nail dystrophy ? <sep> t-cell immunodeficiency, congenital alopecia, and nail dystrophy is a rare disorder. it has been diagnosed in only a few individuals, almost all of whom are members of a large extended family from a community in southern italy.
what is the outlook for incontinentia pigmenti ? <sep> although the skin abnormalities usually regress, and sometimes disappear completely, there may be residual neurological difficulties.
what are the treatments for coffin lowry syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure and no standard course of treatment for coffin-lowry syndrome. treatment is symptomatic and supportive, and may include physical and speech therapy and educational services.
is enlarged parietal foramina inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition. however, in rare cases, people who inherit an altered gene do not have enlarged parietal foramina. (this situation is known as reduced penetrance.)
what is the outlook for wallenberg's syndrome ? <sep> the outlook for someone with wallenbergs syndrome depends upon the size and location of the area of the brain stem damaged by the stroke. some individuals may see a decrease in their symptoms within weeks or months. others may be left with significant neurological disabilities for years after the initial symptoms appeared.
what is the outlook for cadasil ? <sep> symptoms usually progress slowly. by age 65, the majority of persons with cadasil have cognitive problems and dementia. some will become dependent due to multiple strokes.
how to diagnose poland syndrome ? <sep> when is poland syndrome typically first diagnosed? the severity of poland syndrome differs from person to person. as a result it is not often diagnosed or reported. sometimes, a person does not realize they have the condition until puberty, when lopsided (asymmetrical) growth makes it more obvious.
what causes prolactinoma ? <sep> the cause of pituitary tumors remains largely unknown. most pituitary tumors are sporadic, meaning they are not genetically passed from parents to their children.
what is the outlook for electrocardiogram ? <sep> you don't need to take any special steps before having an electrocardiogram (ekg). however, tell your doctor or his or her staff about the medicines you're taking. some medicines can affect ekg results.
how many people are affected by familial pityriasis rubra pilaris ? <sep> familial pityriasis rubra pilaris is a rare condition. its incidence is unknown, although the familial form appears to be the least common type of pityriasis rubra pilaris.
how many people are affected by x-linked intellectual disability, siderius type ? <sep> while x-linked intellectual disability of all types and causes is relatively common, with a prevalence of 1 in 600 to 1,000 males, the prevalence of the siderius type is unknown. only a few affected families have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by grn-related frontotemporal dementia ? <sep> grn-related frontotemporal dementia affects an estimated 3 to 15 per 100,000 people aged 45 to 64. this condition accounts for 5 to 10 percent of all cases of frontotemporal dementia.
is spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 1 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for alexander disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of alexander disease: - gene review: gene review: alexander disease - genetic testing registry: alexander's disease - medlineplus encyclopedia: myelin these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sca3: - gene review: gene review: spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 - genetic testing registry: azorean disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by iron-refractory iron deficiency anemia ? <sep> although iron deficiency anemia is relatively common, the prevalence of the iron-refractory form of the disease is unknown. at least 50 cases have been described in the medical literature. researchers suspect that iron-refractory iron deficiency anemia is underdiagnosed because affected individuals with very mild symptoms may never come to medical attention.
how many people are affected by familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis ? <sep> familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis occurs in approximately 1 in 50,000 individuals worldwide.
how many people are affected by x-linked creatine deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of x-linked creatine deficiency is unknown. more than 150 affected individuals have been identified. the disorder has been estimated to account for between 1 and 2 percent of males with intellectual disability.
who is at risk for cystic fibrosis? ? <sep> cystic fibrosis (cf) affects both males and females and people from all racial and ethnic groups. however, the disease is most common among caucasians of northern european descent. cf also is common among latinos and american indians, especially the pueblo and zuni. the disease is less common among african americans and asian americans. more than 10 million americans are carriers of a faulty cf gene. many of them don't know that they're cf carriers.
how many people are affected by recurrent hydatidiform mole ? <sep> hydatidiform moles occur in 1 in 600 to 1,000 pregnancies in western countries and are more common in developing countries. one to six percent of previously affected women will have a recurrent hydatidiform mole.
how many people are affected by prader-willi syndrome ? <sep> prader-willi syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 10,000 to 30,000 people worldwide.
is osteoglophonic dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. however, some affected individuals inherit the mutation from an affected parent.
is cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how to diagnose microhydranencephaly ? <sep> how is microhydranencephaly diagnosed? a diagnosis of microhydranencephaly is generally suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. additional testing can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. this generally consists of imaging studies to evaluate the brain for structural abnormalities and severe hydrocephalus (accumulation of fluid in the brain).
is chops syndrome inherited ? <sep> chops syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. all known cases of this condition result from new (de novo) mutations in the gene that occur during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) or in early embryonic development. affected individuals have no history of the disorder in their family.
how to diagnose copd ? <sep> if you have not been exercising regularly, you should get the advice of your doctor before starting. the symptoms of copd are different for each person. people with mild copd may not have much difficulty walking or exercising. as the symptoms of copd get worse over time, a person may have more difficulty with walking and exercising. you should talk to your doctor about exercising and whether you would benefit from a pulmonary or lung rehabilitation program.
how many people are affected by spinal muscular atrophy with progressive myoclonic epilepsy ? <sep> sma-pme is a rare disorder; approximately a dozen affected families have been described in the scientific literature.
is asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by thrombocytopenia-absent radius syndrome ? <sep> tar syndrome is a rare disorder, affecting fewer than 1 in 100,000 newborns.
is hypomyelination and congenital cataract inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by mccune-albright syndrome ? <sep> mccune-albright syndrome occurs in between 1 in 100,000 and 1 in 1,000,000 people worldwide.
is biotin-thiamine-responsive basal ganglia disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> how is succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency inherited? succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency (ssadh) is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on tses. this research is aimed at determining how abnormal prion proteins lead to disease, at finding better tests for diagnosing cjd and other disorders, and ultimately at finding ways to treat tses.
how many people are affected by duchenne and becker muscular dystrophy ? <sep> duchenne and becker muscular dystrophies together affect 1 in 3,500 to 5,000 newborn males worldwide. between 400 and 600 boys in the united states are born with these conditions each year.
how many people are affected by spinocerebellar ataxia type 36 ? <sep> approximately 100 individuals with sca36 have been reported in the scientific literature. almost all of these individuals have been from two regions: western japan and the costa de morte in galicia, spain.
what are the treatments for colpocephaly ? <sep> how might colpocephaly be treated? there is no definitive treatment for colpocephaly. anticonvulsant medications are often prescribed to prevent seizures, and doctors rely on exercise therapies and orthopedic appliances to reduce shrinkage or shortening of muscles.
what is (are) skin cancer ? <sep> basal cell carcinoma develops in the basal cells of the epidermis, the outer layer of the skin. it is the most common type of skin cancer in the united states, but it spreads slowly and is rarely life-threatening. basal cell carcinoma occurs most often on parts of the body that have been exposed to the sun, such as the face, ears, neck, hands and legs. however, it can be found on any part of the body.
what is (are) dry mouth ? <sep> national institute of dental and craniofacial research 1 nohic way bethesda, md 20892-3500 (301) 402-7364 http://www.nidcr.nih.gov
what is (are) prurigo nodularis ? <sep> prurigo nodularis is a skin condition characterized by hard crusty lumps that itch intensely. the exact cause of the condition is unknown. however, it can occur in isolation or as a result of repeated trauma to chronic pruritus (itching). treatment for the condition can be challenging.
how many people are affected by hyperferritinemia-cataract syndrome ? <sep> hyperferritinemia-cataract syndrome has been estimated to occur in 1 in 200,000 individuals.
is protein c deficiency inherited ? <sep> protein c deficiency is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one altered copy of the proc gene in each cell is sufficient to cause mild protein c deficiency. individuals who inherit two altered copies of this gene in each cell have severe protein c deficiency.
is multiminicore disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) neutral lipid storage disease with myopathy ? <sep> neutral lipid storage disease with myopathy is a condition in which fats (lipids) are stored abnormally in organs and tissues throughout the body. the accumulation of fats in muscle tissue leads to muscle weakness (myopathy). this condition is caused by mutations in the pnpla2 gene. it is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern. there is currently no treatment to correct the underlying metabolic problem.
what are the symptoms of hypoglycemia ? <sep> hypoglycemia causes symptoms such as - hunger - shakiness - nervousness - sweating - dizziness or light-headedness - sleepiness - confusion - difficulty speaking - anxiety - weakness hypoglycemia can also happen during sleep. some signs of hypoglycemia during sleep include - crying out or having nightmares - finding pajamas or sheets damp from perspiration - feeling tired, irritable, or confused after waking up
how many people are affected by dicer1 syndrome ? <sep> dicer1 syndrome is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown.
what is (are) creating a family health history ? <sep> talk to other family members. you can also obtain a death certificate from a state or county vital statistics office to confirm a late relative's cause of death. funeral homes and online obituaries may also have this information.
what is the outlook for neurological sequelae of lupus ? <sep> the prognosis for lupus varies widely depending on the organs involved and the intensity of the inflammatory reaction. the course of lupus is commonly chronic and relapsing, often with long periods of remission. most individuals with lupus do not develop serious health problems and have a normal lifespan with periodic doctor visits and treatments with various drugs.
what is the outlook for parathyroid cancer ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - whether the calcium level in the blood can be controlled. - the stage of the cancer. - whether the tumor and the capsule around the tumor can be completely removed by surgery. - the patient's general health.
is costello syndrome inherited ? <sep> costello syndrome is considered to be an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. almost all reported cases have resulted from new gene mutations and have occurred in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by caffey disease ? <sep> caffey disease has been estimated to occur in approximately 3 per 1,000 infants worldwide. a few hundred cases have been described in the medical literature. researchers believe this condition is probably underdiagnosed because it usually goes away by itself in early childhood.
what is (are) gout ? <sep> the national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases (niams) at nih has more information about gout. check out the information here. also, see "key words" related to gout.
what are the treatments for ollier disease ? <sep> how might ollier disease be treated? there is no specific medical treatment for ollier disease. surgery is indicated in cases where complications (pathological fractures, growth defect, malignant transformation) arise.
what to do for ectopic kidney ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing an ectopic kidney.
what are the symptoms of what i need to know about lactose intolerance ? <sep> common symptoms of lactose intolerance include - bloating, a feeling of fullness or swelling, in your belly - pain in your belly - diarrhea - gas - nausea you may feel symptoms 30 minutes to 2 hours after you have milk or milk products. you may have mild or severe symptoms.
who is at risk for kawasaki disease? ? <sep> kawasaki disease affects children of all races and ages and both genders. it occurs most often in children of asian and pacific island descent. the disease is more likely to affect boys than girls. most cases occur in children younger than 5 years old. kawasaki disease is rare in children older than 8.
what causes adult central nervous system tumors ? <sep> the cause of most adult brain and spinal cord tumors is not known.
what are the treatments for cerebellar hypoplasia ? <sep> there is no standard course of treatment for cerebellar hypoplasia. treatment depends upon the underlying disorder and the severity of symptoms. generally, treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
is ulcerative colitis inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of ulcerative colitis is unknown because many genetic and environmental factors are likely to be involved. even though the inheritance pattern of this condition is unclear, having a family member with ulcerative colitis increases the risk of developing the condition.
what are the treatments for childhood myocerebrohepatopathy spectrum ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mchs: - gene review: gene review: polg-related disorders - united mitochondrial disease foundation: diagnosis of mitochondrial disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for weaver syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of weaver syndrome: - genetic testing registry: weaver syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is adermatoglyphia inherited ? <sep> adermatoglyphia is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered smarcad1 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the condition. in many cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
is carpenter syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for dysgraphia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) support dysgraphia research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to treat, and ultimately, prevent dysgraphia.
who is at risk for thalassemias? ? <sep> family history and ancestry are the two risk factors for thalassemias. family history thalassemias are inheritedthat is, the genes for the disorders are passed from parents to their children. if your parents have missing or altered hemoglobin-making genes, you may have thalassemia. ancestry thalassemias occur most often among people of italian, greek, middle eastern, southern asian, and african descent.
what is (are) abdominal adhesions ? <sep> abdominal adhesions are bands of fibrous tissue that can form between abdominal tissues and organs. normally, internal tissues and organs have slippery surfaces, preventing them from sticking together as the body moves. however, abdominal adhesions cause tissues and organs in the abdominal cavity to stick together.
what are the treatments for angelman syndrome ? <sep> there is no specific therapy for angelman syndrome. medical therapy for seizures is usually necessary. physical and occupational therapies, communication therapy, and behavioral therapies are important in allowing individuals with angelman syndrome to reach their maximum developmental potential.
how many people are affected by biotin-thiamine-responsive basal ganglia disease ? <sep> biotin-thiamine-responsive basal ganglia disease is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. approximately 48 cases have been reported in the medical literature; most of these are individuals from arab populations.
what causes goodpasture syndrome ? <sep> the causes of goodpasture syndrome are not fully understood. people who smoke or use hair dyes appear to be at increased risk for this condition. exposure to hydrocarbon fumes, metallic dust, and certain drugs, such as cocaine, may also raise a persons risk. genetics may also play a part, as a small number of cases have been reported in more than one family member.
how many people are affected by neonatal onset multisystem inflammatory disease ? <sep> nomid is a very rare disorder; approximately 100 affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by dyskeratosis congenita ? <sep> the exact prevalence of dyskeratosis congenita is unknown. it is estimated to occur in approximately 1 in 1 million people.
how many people are affected by hypokalemic periodic paralysis ? <sep> although its exact prevalence is unknown, hypokalemic periodic paralysis is estimated to affect 1 in 100,000 people. men tend to experience symptoms of this condition more often than women.
how many people are affected by cask-related intellectual disability ? <sep> the prevalence of cask-related intellectual disability is unknown. more than 50 females with micpch have been described in the medical literature, while only a few affected males have been described. by contrast, more than 20 males but only a few females have been diagnosed with the milder form of the disorder, xl-id with or without nystagmus. this form of the disorder may go unrecognized in mildly affected females.
what is (are) non-involuting congenital hemangioma ? <sep> non-involuting congenital hemangioma (nich) is a rare type of infantile hemangioma, which is a tumor that forms from the abnormal growth of blood vessels in the skin. nich looks like an oval, purplish mark or bump that can occur on any part of the body. nich is present from birth (congenital) and increases in size as the child grows. unlike other hemangiomas, nich do not disappear spontaneously (involute).
who is at risk for foodborne illnesses? ? <sep> anyone can get a foodborne illness. however, some people are more likely to develop foodborne illnesses than others, including - infants and children - pregnant women and their fetuses - older adults - people with weak immune systems these groups also have a greater risk of developing severe symptoms or complications of foodborne illnesses.
is cherubism inherited ? <sep> if i find that i am not a carrier for cherubism can i still have children with the disease? yes. again, only 80 percent of people with cherubism have an identifiable mutation in the sh3bp2 gene. in the remaining cases, the cause is genetic, but unknown. individuals who do not have an identifiable genetic cause can still have children with cherubism.
what are the treatments for fumarase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fumarase deficiency: - gene review: gene review: fumarate hydratase deficiency - genetic testing registry: fumarase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is grn-related frontotemporal dementia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has a parent and other family members with the condition.
what causes craniopharyngioma ? <sep> what causes craniopharyngioma? craniopharyngiomas are thought to arise from epithelial remnants of the craniopharyngeal duct or rathke's pouch (adamantinomatous type tumours) or from metaplasia of squamous epithelial cell rests that are remnants of the part of the stomadeum that contributed to the buccal mucosa (squamous papillary type tumours).
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for brachial plexus injuries ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on injuries to the nervous system such as brachial plexus injuries. much of this research is aimed at finding ways to prevent and treat these disorders.
how to prevent diabetic neuropathies: the nerve damage of diabetes ? <sep> the best way to prevent neuropathy is to keep blood glucose levels as close to the normal range as possible. maintaining safe blood glucose levels protects nerves throughout the body.
is muckle-wells syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is usually inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, the inheritance pattern is unknown.
how many people are affected by campomelic dysplasia ? <sep> the prevalence of campomelic dysplasia is uncertain; estimates range from 1 in 40,000 to 200,000 people.
how many people are affected by townes-brocks syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of this condition is unknown, although one study estimated that it may affect 1 in 250,000 people. it is difficult to determine how frequently townes-brocks syndrome occurs because the varied signs and symptoms of this disorder overlap with those of other genetic syndromes.
how many people are affected by glutaric acidemia type ii ? <sep> glutaric acidemia type ii is a very rare disorder; its precise incidence is unknown. it has been reported in several different ethnic groups.
how to diagnose alkhurma hemorrhagic fever (ahf) ? <sep> clinical diagnosis could be difficult due to similarities between avhf, crimean-congo hemorrhagic fever (cchf), and rift valley fever (rvf), which occur in similar geographic areas. laboratory diagnosis of ahf can be made in the early stage of the illness by molecular detection by pcr or virus isolation from blood. later, serologic testing using enzyme-linked immunosorbent serologic assay (elisa) can be performed.
what are the treatments for orofaciodigital syndrome 2 ? <sep> what treatment is available for orofaciodigital syndrome type 2? treatment is dependent on the symptoms. for example, reconstructive surgery might be performed to correct oral, facial, and/or finger and toe abnormalities.
how many people are affected by treacher collins syndrome ? <sep> this condition affects an estimated 1 in 50,000 people.
what is (are) short bowel syndrome ? <sep> intestinal adaptation is a process that usually occurs in children after removal of a large portion of their small intestine. the remaining small intestine goes through a period of adaptation and grows to increase its ability to absorb nutrients. intestinal adaptation can take up to 2 years to occur, and during this time a person may be heavily dependent on parenteral or enteral nutrition.1
is familial atrial fibrillation inherited ? <sep> familial atrial fibrillation appears to be inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is cap myopathy inherited ? <sep> cap myopathy is an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases are not inherited; they result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by fragile x syndrome ? <sep> fragile x syndrome occurs in approximately 1 in 4,000 males and 1 in 8,000 females.
what are the treatments for sapho syndrome ? <sep> how might sapho syndrome be treated? there is no specific treatment plan for sapho syndrome. it can be a chronic condition but sometimes eventually heals on its own. joint pain may be managed with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and prescription vitamin a is used to treat the acne. other drugs that may be used include: colchicine topical corticosteroids systemic corticosteroids methotrexate calcitonin bisphosphonates infliximab etanercept.
how many people are affected by microcephaly-capillary malformation syndrome ? <sep> microcephaly-capillary malformation syndrome is rare. about a dozen people have been diagnosed with the disorder.
what are the treatments for dihydropyrimidinase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of dihydropyrimidinase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: dihydropyrimidinase deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for chronic pain ? <sep> many people with chronic pain can be helped if they understand all the causes of pain and the many and varied steps that can be taken to undo what chronic pain has done. scientists believe that advances in neuroscience will lead to more and better treatments for chronic pain in the years to come.
is crigler-najjar syndrome inherited ? <sep> crigler-najjar syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the ugt1a1 gene in each cell have mutations. a less severe condition called gilbert syndrome can occur when one copy of the ugt1a1 gene has a mutation.
is mucolipidosis ii alpha/beta inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes 2q37 deletion syndrome ? <sep> what causes 2q37 deletion syndrome? 2q37 deletion syndrome is caused by a deletion of genetic material from a specific region in the long (q) arm of chromosome 2. the deletion occurs near the end of the chromosome at a location designated 2q37. the size of the deletion varies among affected individuals. the signs and symptoms of this disorder are probably related to the loss of multiple genes in this region.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for septo-optic dysplasia ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts neurogenetic research which focuses on identifying and studying the genes involved in normal brain development. the knowledge gained from these fundamental studies provides the foundation for understanding how this process can go awry and, thus, may eventually give clues to understanding disorders such as sod.
how many people are affected by multiple pterygium syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of multiple pterygium syndrome is unknown.
how common is infection with y. enterocolitica for yersinia ? <sep> y. enterocolitica is a relatively infrequent cause of diarrhea and abdominal pain. based on data from the foodborne diseases active surveillance network (foodnet), which measures the burden and sources of specific diseases over time, approximately one culture-confirmed y. enterocolitica infection per 100,000 persons occurs each year. children are infected more often than adults, and the infection is more common in the winter.
what are the symptoms of osteosarcoma and malignant fibrous histiocytoma of bone ? <sep> signs and symptoms of osteosarcoma and mfh include swelling over a bone or a bony part of the body and joint pain. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by osteosarcoma or mfh or by other conditions. check with a doctor if your child has any of the following: - swelling over a bone or bony part of the body. - pain in a bone or joint. - a bone that breaks for no known reason.
what are the symptoms of viral hepatitis: a through e and beyond ? <sep> symptoms include - jaundice, which causes a yellowing of the skin and eyes - fatigue - abdominal pain - loss of appetite - nausea - vomiting - diarrhea - low grade fever - headache however, some people do not have symptoms.
what is (are) hypertrichosis lanuginosa congenita ? <sep> hypertrichosis lanuginosa congenita is a congenital (present from birth) skin disease characterized by excessive lanugo (very fine, soft, unpigmented) hair covering the entire body, with the exception of the palms, soles, and mucous membranes. the hair can grow to be 3 to 5 cm in length. this condition appears to follow an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for aphasia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke and the national institute on deafness and other communication disorders conduct and support a broad range of scientific investigations to increase our understanding of aphasia, find better treatments, and discover improved methods to restore lost function to people who have aphasia.
what are the treatments for hydromyelia ? <sep> generally, physicians recommend surgery for children with hydromyelia if they have moderate or severe neurological deficits. surgical treatment re-establishes the normal flow of spinal fluid.
is alpers-huttenlocher syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by adams-oliver syndrome ? <sep> adams-oliver syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for jejunal atresia ? <sep> how might jejunal atresia be treated? jejunal atresia is typically treated with surgery. total parenteral nutrition (tpn) is generally necessary for a period of time following surgery until normal meals are tolerated.
what are the treatments for rheumatic fever ? <sep> how might rheumatic fever be treated? treatment of rheumatic fever usually consists of antibiotics to treat the underlying group a streptococcus bacterial infection and anti-inflammatory medications such as aspirin or corticosteroids. because people with a history of rheumatic fever have a high risk of developing recurrent episodes of the condition, low dose antibiotics are often continued over a long period of time to prevent recurrence.
what is the outlook for machado-joseph disease ? <sep> most individuals with lyme disease respond well to antibiotics and have full recovery. in a small percentage of individuals, symptoms may continue or recur, requiring additional antibiotic treatment. varying degrees of permanent joint or nervous system damage may develop in individuals with late-stage lyme disease.
how to diagnose diabetic kidney disease ? <sep> people with diabetes should get regular screenings for kidney disease. the national kidney disease education program recommends the following: - urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio measured at least once a year in all people with type 2 diabetes and people who have had type 1 diabetes for 5 years or more - egfr calculated at least once a year in all people with type 1 or type 2 diabetes
what is (are) leukemia ? <sep> acute leukemia gets worse quickly. in chronic leukemia, symptoms develop gradually and are generally not as severe as in acute leukemia.
how many people are affected by beta thalassemia ? <sep> beta thalassemia is a fairly common blood disorder worldwide. thousands of infants with beta thalassemia are born each year. beta thalassemia occurs most frequently in people from mediterranean countries, north africa, the middle east, india, central asia, and southeast asia.
what are the treatments for proctitis ? <sep> proctitis that is not treated or does not respond to treatment may lead to complications, including - severe bleeding and anemiaa condition in which red blood cells are fewer or smaller than normal, which means less oxygen is carried to the bodys cells - abscessespainful, swollen, pus-filled areas caused by infection - ulcers on the intestinal lining - fistulasabnormal connections between two parts inside the body
what are the treatments for surviving cancer ? <sep> fatigue, or feeling extremely tired, is a common complaint during the first year after cancer treatment ends. many factors may contribute to treatment-related fatigue, including cancer therapy or other problems such as stress, poor nutrition, and depression. researchers are still learning about the multiple reasons for fatigue after treatment.
how many people are affected by myd88 deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of myd88 deficiency is unknown. at least 24 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
is spondylothoracic dysostosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for sjgren's syndrome ? <sep> the goals of research on disorders such as sjgren's syndrome focus on increasing knowledge and understanding of the disorder, improving diagnostic techniques, testing interventions, and finding ways to treat, prevent, and cure the disease.
is lennox-gastaut syndrome inherited ? <sep> most cases of lennox-gastaut syndrome are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. however, 3 to 30 percent of people with this condition have a family history of some type of epilepsy. people with the cryptogenic form of lennox-gastaut syndrome are more likely than people with the symptomatic form to have a family history of epilepsy.
how many people are affected by snyder-robinson syndrome ? <sep> snyder-robinson syndrome is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. about 10 affected families have been identified worldwide.
how many people are affected by phenylketonuria ? <sep> the occurrence of pku varies among ethnic groups and geographic regions worldwide. in the united states, pku occurs in 1 in 10,000 to 15,000 newborns. most cases of pku are detected shortly after birth by newborn screening, and treatment is started promptly. as a result, the severe signs and symptoms of classic pku are rarely seen.
how many people are affected by distal myopathy 2 ? <sep> the prevalence of distal myopathy 2 is unknown. at least two families with the condition have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by coloboma ? <sep> coloboma occurs in approximately 1 in 10,000 people. because coloboma does not always affect vision or the outward appearance of the eye, some people with this condition are likely undiagnosed.
what are the treatments for pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2 ? <sep> how might pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2 be treated? pseudohypoaldosteronism may be treated with thiazide diuretics and dietary restriction of sodium.
is harlequin ichthyosis inherited ? <sep> how is harlequin ichthyosis inherited? harlequin ichthyosis is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by glut1 deficiency syndrome ? <sep> glut1 deficiency syndrome is a rare disorder. approximately 500 cases have been reported worldwide since the disorder was first identified in 1991. in australia, the prevalence of the disorder has been estimated at 1 in 90,000 people. however, researchers suggest that the disorder may be underdiagnosed, because many neurological disorders can cause similar symptoms.
is sheldon-hall syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in about 50 percent of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by cherubism ? <sep> the incidence of cherubism is unknown. at least 250 cases have been reported worldwide.
who is at risk for what i need to know about crohn's disease? ? <sep> both men and women can get crohn's disease, and it can run in families. people with crohns disease may have a blood relative with the disease or another type of ibd. crohns disease most commonly starts between the ages of 13 and 30.
do you have information about tubal ligation <sep> summary : tubal ligation (getting your "tubes tied") is a type of surgery. it prevents a woman from getting pregnant. it is a permanent form of birth control. the surgery closes the fallopian tubes, which connect the ovaries to the uterus. it usually takes about 30 minutes. almost all women go home the same day. women can return to most normal activities within a few days. tubal ligation can sometimes be reversed, but not always.
is phenylketonuria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by fryns syndrome ? <sep> the worldwide incidence of fryns syndrome is unknown. more than 50 affected individuals have been reported in the medical literature. studies suggest that fryns syndrome occurs in 1.3 to 10 percent of all cases of congenital diaphragmatic hernia.
what are the symptoms of childhood liver cancer ? <sep> signs and symptoms of childhood liver cancer include a lump or pain in the abdomen. signs and symptoms are more common after the tumor gets big. other conditions can cause the same signs and symptoms. check with your childs doctor if your child has any of the following: - a lump in the abdomen that may be painful. - swelling in the abdomen. - weight loss for no known reason. - loss of appetite. - nausea and vomiting.
how many people are affected by isodicentric chromosome 15 syndrome ? <sep> isodicentric chromosome 15 syndrome occurs in about 1 in 30,000 newborns.
what are the treatments for multiple pterygium syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of multiple pterygium syndrome: - genetic testing registry: lethal multiple pterygium syndrome - genetic testing registry: multiple pterygium syndrome escobar type these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes hashimoto's encephalitis ? <sep> what causes hashimoto's encephalitis? the exact cause of hashimoto's encephalitis (he) is unknown, but is thought to relate to autoimmune or other autoinflammatory processes. while it is associated with hashimoto's thyroiditis, the exact nature of the relationship between the two conditions is unclear. it does not appear to be directly related to hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism.
what are the treatments for microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type ii ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mopdii: - genetic testing registry: microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type 2 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is nephronophthisis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis b ? <sep> hepatitis* b is a virus, or infection, that causes liver disease and inflammation of the liver. viruses can cause sickness. for example, the flu is caused by a virus. people can pass viruses to each other. inflammation is swelling that occurs when tissues of the body become injured or infected. inflammation can cause organs to not work properly.
what is the outlook for trigeminal neuralgia ? <sep> the disorder is characterized by recurrences and remissions, and successive recurrences may incapacitate the patient. due to the intensity of the pain, even the fear of an impending attack may prevent activity. trigeminal neuralgia is not fatal.
what are the treatments for coma ? <sep> once an individual is out of immediate danger, the medical care team focuses on preventing infections and maintaining a healthy physical state. this will often include preventing pneumonia and bedsores and providing balanced nutrition. physical therapy may also be used to prevent contractures (permanent muscular contractions) and deformities of the bones, joints, and muscles that would limit recovery for those who emerge from coma.
what are the treatments for pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2: - gene review: gene review: pseudohypoaldosteronism type ii - genetic testing registry: pseudohypoaldosteronism, type 2 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for alpha-thalassemia ? <sep> how might alpha-thalassemia be treated? treatment of alpha-thalassemia often includes blood transfusions to provide healthy blood cells that have normal hemoglobin. bone marrow transplant has helped to cure a small number of individuals with severe alpha-thalassemia.
how many people are affected by head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ? <sep> hnscc is the seventh most common cancer worldwide. approximately 600,000 new cases are diagnosed each year, including about 50,000 in the united states. hnscc occurs most often in men in their 50s or 60s, although the incidence among younger individuals is increasing.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for isaacs' syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports an extensive research program of basic studies to increase understanding of diseases that affect the brain, spinal cord, muscles, and nerves. this research examines the genetics, symptoms, progression, and psychological and behavioral impact of diseases, with the goal of improving ways to diagnose, treat, and, ultimately, cure these disorders.
what is the outlook for acid lipase disease ? <sep> wolmans disease is usually fatal by age 1. the onset and course of cholesteryl ester storage disease varies, and individuals may live into adulthood.
what to do for peyronie's disease ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing peyronies disease.
how many people are affected by imerslund-grsbeck syndrome ? <sep> imerslund-grsbeck syndrome is a rare condition that was first described in finland and norway; in these regions, the condition is estimated to affect 1 in 200,000 people. the condition has also been reported in other countries worldwide; its prevalence in these countries is unknown.
how many people are affected by oculofaciocardiodental syndrome ? <sep> ofcd syndrome is very rare; the incidence is estimated to be less than 1 in 1 million people.
what is (are) gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender health ? <sep> gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender individuals have special health concerns besides the usual ones that affect most men and women. on this page you'll find information about these specific health issues.
what are the treatments for paroxysmal extreme pain disorder ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of paroxysmal extreme pain disorder: - genetic testing registry: paroxysmal extreme pain disorder these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for brown-sequard syndrome ? <sep> how might brown-sequard syndrome be treated?
what are the treatments for multiple system atrophy ? <sep> there is no cure for msa. currently, there are no treatments to delay the progress of neurodegeneration in the brain. but there are treatments available to help people cope with some of the more disabling symptoms of msa. in some individuals, levodopa may improve motor function, but the benefit may not continue as the disease progresses.
what are the treatments for trisomy 13 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of trisomy 13: - genetic testing registry: complete trisomy 13 syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: trisomy 13 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes congenital hepatic fibrosis ? <sep> what causes congenital hepatic fibrosis? isolated congenital hepatic fibrosis is rare. congenital hepatic fibrosis is usually associated with conditions known as hepatorenal fibrocystic diseases (fcd) that can also affect the kidneys. examples of fcds include polycystic kidney disease (pkd) and nephronophthisis (nphp). fcds can be inherited as autosomal recessive , autosomal dominant , or x-linked recessive disorders.
how many people are affected by kawasaki disease ? <sep> in the united states and other western countries, kawasaki disease occurs in approximately 1 in 10,000 children under 5 each year. the condition is 10 to 20 times more common in east asia, including japan, korea, and taiwan.
is juvenile paget disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for pinched nerve ? <sep> within the ninds research programs, pinched nerves are addressed primarily through studies associated with pain research. ninds vigorously pursues a research program seeking new treatments for pain and nerve damage with the ultimate goal of reversing debilitating conditions such as pinched nerves.
how many people are affected by leigh syndrome ? <sep> leigh syndrome affects at least 1 in 40,000 newborns. the condition is more common in certain populations. for example, the condition occurs in approximately 1 in 2,000 newborns in the saguenay lac-saint-jean region of quebec, canada.
what is the outlook for rett syndrome ? <sep> the course of rett syndrome, including the age of onset and the severity of symptoms, varies from child to child. despite the difficulties with symptoms, most individuals with rett syndrome continue to live well into middle age and beyond. because the disorder is rare, very little is known about long-term prognosis and life expectancy.
what are the treatments for renal tubular dysgenesis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of renal tubular dysgenesis: - genetic testing registry: renal dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is microvillus inclusion disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is sjgren syndrome inherited ? <sep> a predisposition to develop autoimmune disorders can be passed through generations in families. relatives of people with sjgren syndrome are at an increased risk of developing autoimmune diseases, although they are not necessarily more likely to develop sjgren syndrome in particular. the inheritance pattern of this predisposition is unknown.
how many people are affected by congenital stromal corneal dystrophy ? <sep> congenital stromal corneal dystrophy is probably very rare; only a few affected families have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for frontotemporal dementia ? <sep> no treatment has been shown to slow the progression of ftd. behavior modification may help control unacceptable or dangerous behaviors. aggressive, agitated, or dangerous behaviors could require medication. anti-depressants have been shown to improve some symptoms.
how many people are affected by autosomal dominant partial epilepsy with auditory features ? <sep> this condition appears to be uncommon, although its prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for inclusion body myositis ? <sep> there is no cure for ibm, nor is there a standard course of treatment. the disease is generally unresponsive to corticosteroids and immunosuppressive drugs. some evidence suggests that intravenous immunoglobulin may have a slight, but short-lasting, beneficial effect in a small number of cases. physical therapy may be helpful in maintaining mobility. other therapy is symptomatic and supportive.
how many people are affected by androgenetic alopecia ? <sep> androgenetic alopecia is a frequent cause of hair loss in both men and women. this form of hair loss affects an estimated 50 million men and 30 million women in the united states. androgenetic alopecia can start as early as a person's teens and risk increases with age; more than 50 percent of men over age 50 have some degree of hair loss. in women, hair loss is most likely after menopause.
what is the outlook for penile cancer ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options depend on the following: - the stage of the cancer. - the location and size of the tumor. - whether the cancer has just been diagnosed or has recurred (come back).
what is (are) colpocephaly ? <sep> colpocephaly is a congenital brain abnormality in which the occipital horns - the posterior or rear portion of the lateral ventricles (cavities) of the brain - are larger than normal because white matter in the posterior cerebrum has failed to develop or thicken.
how many people are affected by myotonic dystrophy ? <sep> myotonic dystrophy affects at least 1 in 8,000 people worldwide. the prevalence of the two types of myotonic dystrophy varies among different geographic and ethnic populations. in most populations, type 1 appears to be more common than type 2. however, recent studies suggest that type 2 may be as common as type 1 among people in germany and finland.
how many people are affected by manitoba oculotrichoanal syndrome ? <sep> manitoba oculotrichoanal syndrome is estimated to occur in 2 to 6 in 1,000 people in a small isolated ojibway-cree community in northern manitoba, canada. although this region has the highest incidence of the condition, it has also been diagnosed in a few people from other parts of the world.
how many people are affected by schwartz-jampel syndrome ? <sep> schwartz-jampel syndrome appears to be a rare condition. about 150 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by malonyl-coa decarboxylase deficiency ? <sep> this condition is very rare; fewer than 30 cases have been reported.
what are the treatments for neuroferritinopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of neuroferritinopathy: - gene review: gene review: neuroferritinopathy - genetic testing registry: neuroferritinopathy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for pilomatrixoma ? <sep> how might a pilomatrixoma be treated? pilomatrixomas are usually surgically removed (excised). in most cases, the tumors do not grow back (recur) after surgery, unless the removal was incomplete.
how many people are affected by chst3-related skeletal dysplasia ? <sep> the prevalence of chst3-related skeletal dysplasia is unknown. more than 30 affected individuals have been reported.
is trichothiodystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is autosomal recessive axonal neuropathy with neuromyotonia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) cholesteatoma ? <sep> cholesteatoma is a type of skin cyst located in the middle ear. it can be congenital (present from birth), but it more commonly occurs as a complication of chronic ear infection. the hallmark symptom is a painless discharge from the ear. hearing loss, dizziness, and facial muscle paralysis are rare but can result from continued cholesteatoma growth. surgery can stop infections and prevent complications.
what is (are) ovarian small cell carcinoma ? <sep> ovarian small cell carcinoma is a rare cancer that typically occurs in young women. it is an aggressive tumor that can metastasize to other parts of the body. ovarian small cell carcinoma is associated with hypercalcemia and is usually treated with platinum or etoposide-based chemotherapy.
what are the treatments for koolen-de vries syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of koolen-de vries syndrome: - gene review: gene review: kansl1-related intellectual disability syndrome - genetic testing registry: koolen-de vries syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for generalized gangliosidoses ? <sep> children with early infantile gm1 often die by age 3 from cardiac complications or pneumonia. children with the early-onset form of tay-sachs disease may eventually need a feeding tube and often die by age 4 from recurring infection. children with sandhoff disease generally die by age 3 from respiratory infections.
what are the treatments for tibial muscular dystrophy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of tibial muscular dystrophy: - gene review: gene review: udd distal myopathy - genetic testing registry: distal myopathy markesbery-griggs type these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes tietze syndrome ? <sep> what causes tietze syndrome? the exact underlying cause of tietze syndrome is currently unknown. some researchers have speculated that small injuries to the anterior chest wall may contribute to the development of the condition.
what is (are) prostate cancer ? <sep> the prostate is a male sex gland, about the size of a large walnut. it is located below the bladder and in front of the rectum. the prostate's main function is to make fluid for semen, a white substance that carries sperm. prostate cancer occurs when a tumor forms in the tissue of the prostate. in its early stage, prostate cancer needs the male hormone testosterone to grow and survive.
is isovaleric acidemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is sialidosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is jervell and lange-nielsen syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. most often, the parents of a child with an autosomal recessive disorder are not affected, but are carriers of one copy of the mutated gene. some carriers of a kcnq1 or kcne1 mutation have signs and symptoms affecting the heart, but their hearing is usually normal.
what is (are) neurofibroma ? <sep> a neurofibroma is a non-cancerous (benign) tumor that develops from the cells and tissues that cover nerves. some people who develop neurofibromas have a genetic condition known as neurofibromatosis (nf). there are different types of nf, but type 1 is the most common.
how many people are affected by progressive external ophthalmoplegia ? <sep> the prevalence of progressive external ophthalmoplegia is unknown.
how many people are affected by peters plus syndrome ? <sep> peters plus syndrome is a rare disorder; its incidence is unknown. fewer than 80 people with this condition have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by cyclic vomiting syndrome ? <sep> cyclic vomiting syndrome is more common in children than adults, although reports of the syndrome in adults have increased in recent years.1 usually, children are about 5 years old when diagnosed with cyclic vomiting syndrome, which occurs in every three out of 100,000 children.2
what is the outlook for brain and spinal tumors ? <sep> symptoms of brain and spinal cord tumors generally develop slowly and worsen over time unless they are treated. the tumor may be classified as benign or malignant and given a numbered score that reflects its rate of malignancy. this score can help doctors determine how to treat the tumor and predict the likely outcome, or prognosis, for the individual.
how many people are affected by langerhans cell histiocytosis ? <sep> langerhans cell histiocytosis is a rare disorder. its prevalence is estimated at 1 to 2 in 100,000 people.
what are the treatments for fabry disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fabry disease: - baby's first test - gene review: gene review: fabry disease - genetic testing registry: fabry disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) ainhum ? <sep> ainhum is the autoamputation of a finger or toe as a result of a fibrotic band that constricts the finger or toe until it falls off. ainhum most often affects the fifth toe on both feet. ainhum is believed to be triggered by some sort of trauma, but the exact reason why it happens is not well understood. the condition mainly affects people that live in tropical regions.
how many people are affected by giant axonal neuropathy ? <sep> giant axonal neuropathy is a very rare disorder; the incidence is unknown.
what causes microhydranencephaly ? <sep> what causes microhydranencephaly? in many cases, the exact, underlying cause of microhydranencephaly is unknown. there are reports of families in which the condition is caused by changes (mutations) in the nde1 gene. in these rare cases, more than one family member (often a pair of siblings) had the condition.
is dentinogenesis imperfecta inherited ? <sep> how do people inherit dentinogenesis imperfecta? dentinogenesis imperfecta is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
how many people are affected by prekallikrein deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of prekallikrein deficiency is unknown. approximately 80 affected individuals in about 30 families have been described in the medical literature. because prekallikrein deficiency usually does not cause any symptoms, researchers suspect that most people with the condition are never diagnosed.
how to diagnose gout ? <sep> to confirm a diagnosis of gout, the doctor inserts a needle into the inflamed joint and draws a sample of synovial fluid, the substance that lubricates a joint. a laboratory technician places some of the fluid on a slide and looks for uric acid crystals under a microscope. if uric acid crystals are found in the fluid surrounding the joint, the person usually has gout.
how to diagnose hydrocephalus due to congenital stenosis of aqueduct of sylvius ? <sep> how is hydrocephalus due to congenital stenosis of aqueduct of sylvius diagnosed? a diagnosis of hydrocephalus due to congenital stenosis of aqueduct of sylvius is typically suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms on physical examination and/or brain imaging (i.e. ct scan, mri scan). identification of a change (mutation) in the l1cam gene can be used to confirm the diagnosis.
how many people are affected by arterial tortuosity syndrome ? <sep> arterial tortuosity syndrome is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. about 100 cases have been reported in the medical literature.
what causes ovarian carcinosarcoma ? <sep> is there a hereditary cause for ovarian carcinosarcoma? ovarian carcinosarcoma is not thought to be caused by an inherited gene mutation. however, one article in the medical literature suggests that an inherited mutation in the brca2 gene contributed to the development of ovarian carcinosarcoma in one woman.
is frontotemporal dementia with parkinsonism-17 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for anencephaly ? <sep> research supported by the ninds includes studies to understand how the brain and nervous system normally develop. these studies contribute to a greater understanding of neural tube disorders, such as anencephaly, and open promising new avenues to treat and prevent neurological birth defects.
what are the treatments for meige disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of meige disease: - genetic testing registry: lymphedema praecox - johns hopkins medicine: lymphedema management these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for coats plus syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of coats plus syndrome: - genetic testing registry: cerebroretinal microangiopathy with calcifications and cysts these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the genetic changes related to x-linked myotubular myopathy ? <sep> mutations in the mtm1 gene cause x-linked myotubular myopathy. the mtm1 gene provides instructions for producing an enzyme called myotubularin. myotubularin is thought to be involved in the development and maintenance of muscle cells. mtm1 gene mutations probably disrupt myotubularin's role in muscle cell development and maintenance, causing muscle weakness and other signs and symptoms of x-linked myotubular myopathy.
what is the outlook for refsum disease ? <sep> ard is treatable because phytanic acid is not produced by the body, but is only found in foods. with treatment, muscle weakness, numbness, and dry and scaly skin generally disappear. however, vision and hearing problems may persist and the sense of smell may not return. untreated, ard can lead to sudden death caused by heartbeat abnormalities.
what is the outlook for gaucher disease ? <sep> enzyme replacement therapy is very beneficial for type 1 and most type 3 individuals with this condition. successful bone marrow transplantation can reverse the non-neurological effects of the disease, but the procedure carries a high risk and is rarely performed in individuals with gaucher disease.
what causes gamma heavy chain disease ? <sep> what causes gamma heavy chain disease? the causes or risk factors for gamma heavy chain disease are not known.
is hypokalemic periodic paralysis inherited ? <sep> how is hypokalemic periodic paralysis inherited? this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
is tietz syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
how many people are affected by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ? <sep> about 5,000 people in the united states are diagnosed with als each year. worldwide, this disorder occurs in 2 to 5 per 100,000 individuals. only a small percentage of cases have a known genetic cause. among the chamorro people of guam and people from the kii peninsula of japan, als-pdc can be 100 times more frequent than als is in other populations. als-pdc has not been reported outside of these populations.
what is (are) what i need to know about lactose intolerance ? <sep> lactose * intestine lactase , enzyme *see the pronunciation guide for tips on how to say the words in bold type.
what are the symptoms of chronic myelomonocytic leukemia ? <sep> signs and symptoms of chronic myelomonocytic leukemia include fever, weight loss, and feeling very tired. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by cmml or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - fever for no known reason. - infection. - feeling very tired. - weight loss for no known reason. - easy bruising or bleeding. - pain or a feeling of fullness below the ribs.
how many people are affected by spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 ? <sep> the prevalence of sca3 is unknown. this condition is thought to be the most common type of spinocerebellar ataxia; however, all types of spinocerebellar ataxia are relatively rare.
how many people are affected by troyer syndrome ? <sep> about 20 cases of troyer syndrome have been reported in the old order amish population of ohio. it has not been found outside this population.
what are the treatments for 17 alpha-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of 17 alpha-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: deficiency of steroid 17-alpha-monooxygenase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) parasites - trichuriasis (also known as whipworm infection) ? <sep> whipworm (trichuris trichiura) is an intestinal parasite of humans. the larvae and adult worms live in the intestine of humans and can cause intestinal disease. the name is derived from the worms distinctive whip-like shape.
what is the outlook for polymyositis ? <sep> the prognosis for polymyositis varies. most people respond fairly well to therapy, but some have a more severe disease that does not respond adequately to therapies and are left with significant disability. in rare cases individuals with severe and progressive muscle weakness will develop respiratory failure or pneumonia. difficulty swallowing may cause weight loss and malnutrition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for troyer syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research on genetic disorders such as the hereditary spastic paraplegias. a gene for troyer syndrome has been identified and others may be identified in the future. understanding how these genes cause troyer syndrome and the hereditary spastic paraplegias in general will lead to ways to prevent, treat, and cure these disorders.
what to do for acquired cystic kidney disease ? <sep> no specific diet will prevent or delay acquired cystic kidney disease. in general, a diet designed for people on hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis reduces the amount of wastes that accumulate in the body between dialysis sessions. more information is provided in the niddk health topics, eat right to feel right on hemodialysis and nutrition for advanced chronic kidney disease in adults.
how many people are affected by 2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria ? <sep> 2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria is a rare disorder. d-2-hga and l-2-hga have each been reported to affect fewer than 150 individuals worldwide. combined d,l-2-hga appears to be even rarer, with only about a dozen reported cases.
what is (are) accessory navicular bone ? <sep> an accessory navicular bone is a small bone located in the middle of the foot. it is near the navicular bone, the bone that goes across the foot near the instep. it is a common trait, estimated to be in approximately 2 to 12% of the general population and up to 14% of children. this bone may develop a bump that can cause irritation, swelling, and pain. click here to view a diagram of the foot.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for chorea ? <sep> the ninds supports research on movement disorders such as chorea. the goals of this research are to increase understanding of these disorders and to find ways to prevent and treat them.
do you have information about anatomy <sep> summary : anatomy is the science that studies the structure of the body. on this page, you'll find links to descriptions and pictures of the human body's parts and organ systems from head to toe.
what causes mixed connective tissue disease ? <sep> what causes mixed connective tissue disease? the exact underlying cause of mixed connective tissue disease (mctd) is currently unknown. it is an autoimmune disorder, which means the immune system mistakes normal, healthy cells for those that that body should "fight off." there are ongoing studies exploring how immune system dysfunction may be involved in the development of this condition.
what are the treatments for spondylothoracic dysostosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of spondylothoracic dysostosis: - cleveland clinic: spine x-ray - gene review: gene review: spondylocostal dysostosis, autosomal recessive these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by kbg syndrome ? <sep> kbg syndrome is a rare disorder that has been reported in around 60 individuals. for unknown reasons, males are affected more often than females. doctors think the disorder is underdiagnosed because the signs and symptoms can be mild and may be attributed to other disorders.
what are the treatments for heart failure ? <sep> for severe heart failure, patients may require additional oxygen, a mechanical heart pump, or a heart transplant.
what causes meesmann corneal dystrophy ? <sep> what causes meesmann corneal dystrophy? meesmann corneal dystrophy is a genetic disease. it can be caused by mutations in either the krt12 or krt3 gene. these genes are thought to play an important role in maintaining normal corneal epithelial function. meesmann corneal dystrophy is passed through families in an autosomal dominant fashion.
how many people are affected by methylmalonic acidemia ? <sep> this condition occurs in an estimated 1 in 50,000 to 100,000 people.
how many people are affected by gracile syndrome ? <sep> gracile syndrome is found almost exclusively in finland, where it is estimated to affect 1 in 47,000 infants. at least 32 affected infants have been described in the medical literature.
what is (are) brody myopathy ? <sep> brody disease is a type of myopahty or "disease of muscle." signs and symptoms include difficulty relaxing muscles and muscle stiffness following exercise. the condition tends to be inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion. some cases of brody disease are caused by mutations in a gene called atp2a1, for other cases the underlying genetic defect has not been identified.
is binswanger's disease inherited ? <sep> is binswanger's disease an inherited condition? although binswanger's disease is not considered an inherited condition, genetics may play a role in many of the conditions and risk factors that are associated with the disease (i.e. atherosclerosis, blood clots).
what causes jones syndrome ? <sep> what causes jones syndrome? the exact, underlying genetic cause of jones syndrome is not yet known.
what are the treatments for holoprosencephaly ? <sep> there is no standard course of treatment for holoprosencephaly. treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
how many people are affected by behet disease ? <sep> behet disease is most common in mediterranean countries, the middle east, japan, and other parts of asia. however, it has been found in populations worldwide. the highest prevalence of behet disease has been reported in turkey, where the disorder affects up to 420 in 100,000 people. the disorder is much less common in northern european countries and the united states, where it generally affects fewer than 1 in 100,000 people.
what is (are) psoriasis ? <sep> psoriasis is a chronic skin disease. chronic means that it lasts a long time, often a lifetime. psoriasis affects more than 5 million adults in the united states. it appears about equally in males and females. psoriasis occurs when the skin cells grow too quickly. the body does not shed these excess cells and they build up on the surface of the skin, forming thick, scaly patches.
how many people are affected by nephrogenic diabetes insipidus ? <sep> the prevalence of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus is unknown, although the condition is thought to be rare. the acquired form occurs more frequently than the hereditary form.
how many people are affected by medullary cystic kidney disease type 1 ? <sep> mckd1 is a rare disorder, although its prevalence is unknown.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for monomelic amyotrophy ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a broad range of research on motor neuron diseases. the goals of these studies are to increase understanding of these disorders and to find ways to treat, prevent, and ultimately cure them.
what are the treatments for pseudoachondroplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of pseudoachondroplasia: - gene review: gene review: pseudoachondroplasia - genetic testing registry: pseudoachondroplastic spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what to do for intestinal pseudo-obstruction ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing intestinal pseudo-obstruction. following special diets usually does not help improve the disorder. however, eating frequent, small meals with pureed foods or liquids may ease digestion. vitamin and trace mineral supplements may help a person who is malnourished.
what is (are) restless legs syndrome ? <sep> restless legs syndrome (rls) is a neurological disorder characterized by unpleasant sensations in the legs and an uncontrollable, and sometimes overwhelming, urge to move them for relief. individuals affected with the disorder often describe the sensations as throbbing, polling, or creeping. the sensations range in severity from uncomfortable to irritating to painful.
what are the treatments for gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia: - cleveland clinic: osteomyelitis - medlineplus encyclopedia: bone mineral density testing these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
who is at risk for breast cancer? ? <sep> sometimes breast cancer occurs in women who are pregnant or have just given birth. breast cancer occurs about once in every 3,000 pregnancies. it occurs most often between the ages of 32 and 38.
what are the treatments for eosinophil peroxidase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of eosinophil peroxidase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: eosinophil peroxidase deficiency - tulane university eosinophilic disorder center these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by craniofacial microsomia ? <sep> craniofacial microsomia has been estimated to occur in between 1 in 5,600 and 1 in 26,550 newborns. however, this range may be an underestimate because not all medical professionals agree on the criteria for diagnosis of this condition, and because mild cases may never come to medical attention. for reasons that are unclear, the disorder occurs about 50 percent more often in males than in females.
is northern epilepsy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for acromicric dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of acromicric dysplasia: - genetic testing registry: acromicric dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of aids-related lymphoma ? <sep> signs of aids-related lymphoma include weight loss, fever, and night sweats. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by aids-related lymphoma or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - weight loss or fever for no known reason. - night sweats. - painless, swollen lymph nodes in the neck, chest, underarm, or groin. - a feeling of fullness below the ribs.
how many people are affected by klippel-trenaunay syndrome ? <sep> klippel-trenaunay syndrome is estimated to affect at least 1 in 100,000 people worldwide.
what is the outlook for coffin lowry syndrome ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with coffin-lowry syndrome varies depending on the severity of symptoms. early intervention may improve the outlook for patients. life span is reduced in some individuals with coffin-lowry syndrome.
how many people are affected by ankyloblepharon-ectodermal defects-cleft lip/palate syndrome ? <sep> aec syndrome is a rare condition; its prevalence is unknown. all forms of ectodermal dysplasia together occur in about 1 in 100,000 newborns in the united states.
what is the outlook for aphasia ? <sep> the outcome of aphasia is difficult to predict given the wide range of variability of the condition. generally, people who are younger or have less extensive brain damage fare better. the location of the injury is also important and is another clue to prognosis. in general, people tend to recover skills in language comprehension more completely than those skills involving expression.
is distal myopathy 2 inherited ? <sep> distal myopathy 2 is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered matr3 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for alg6-congenital disorder of glycosylation ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of alg6-cdg: - gene review: gene review: congenital disorders of n-linked glycosylation pathway overview these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by hypomyelination and congenital cataract ? <sep> the prevalence of hypomyelination and congenital cataract is unknown.
what causes norum disease ? <sep> what causes norum disease? norum disease is caused by defects in the lcat gene. the clinical manifestations of lcat deficiency are probably due to a defect in lcat-mediated cholesterol ester formation and, therefore, accumulation of unesterified cholesterol in certain tissues, such as the cornea, kidneys, and erythrocytes (red blood cells).
is proteus syndrome inherited ? <sep> because proteus syndrome is caused by akt1 gene mutations that occur during early development, the disorder is not inherited and does not run in families.
what causes microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type 1 ? <sep> what causes microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type 1 (mopd1)? microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type 1 (mopd1) has been shown to be caused by mutations in the rnu4atac gene.
what are the symptoms of esthesioneuroblastoma ? <sep> what symptoms are associated with esthesioneuroblastoma? symptoms of esthesioneuroblastoma may include one or more of the following: nasal obstruction loss of smell chronic sinus infections (sinusitis) nasal bleeding sinus pain and headache visual changes
is schindler disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by pfeiffer syndrome ? <sep> pfeiffer syndrome affects about 1 in 100,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by x-linked infantile nystagmus ? <sep> the incidence of all forms of infantile nystagmus is estimated to be 1 in 5,000 newborns; however, the precise incidence of x-linked infantile nystagmus is unknown.
how to diagnose schimke immunoosseous dysplasia ? <sep> how is schimke immunoosseous dysplasia diagnosed? the diagnosis of siod is made on clinical findings. the most definitive diagnostic findings are skeletal dysplasia (spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia), renal dysfunction (urinary protein loss), t lymphocyte deficiency, characteristic facial features, and hyperpigmented macules. dna testing for mutations in smarcal1 is available on a clinical basis.
how many people are affected by hashimoto thyroiditis ? <sep> hashimoto thyroiditis affects 1 to 2 percent of people in the united states. it occurs more often in women than in men, which may be related to hormonal factors. the condition is the most common cause of thyroid underactivity (hypothyroidism) in the united states.
is adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by multiminicore disease ? <sep> multiminicore disease is thought to be a rare disorder, although its incidence is unknown.
how many people are affected by congenital insensitivity to pain ? <sep> congenital insensitivity to pain is a rare condition; about 20 cases have been reported in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for liddle syndrome ? <sep> how might liddle syndrome be treated? treatment for liddle syndrome includes following a low sodium diet as well as taking potassium-sparing diuretics, which reduce blood pressure and correct hypokalemia and metabolic alkalosis. conventional anti-hypertensive therapies are not effective for this condition. with treatment, prognosis is good. without treatment, cardiovascular (heart-related) and renal (kidney-related) complications often occur.
how many people are affected by spastic paraplegia type 11 ? <sep> over 100 cases of spastic paraplegia type 11 have been reported. although this condition is thought to be rare, its exact prevalence is unknown.
is isobutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for parkes weber syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of parkes weber syndrome: - gene review: gene review: rasa1-related disorders - genetic testing registry: parkes weber syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone ? <sep> how might the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone be treated? treatment of syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (siadh) may involve fluid restriction, treatment of the underlying cause once determined, and medication that decreases the effect of antidiuretic hormone on the kidneys.
what are the treatments for horner syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of horner syndrome: - genetic testing registry: horner syndrome, congenital these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is stve-wiedemann syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) chronic myelogenous leukemia ? <sep> chronic myelogenous leukemia is a disease in which too many white blood cells are made in the bone marrow. see the pdq summary on chronic myelogenous leukemia treatment for information on diagnosis, staging, and treatment.
is activated pi3k-delta syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the symptoms of swyer-james syndrome ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of swyer-james syndrome? individuals with swyer-james syndrome may not have any symptoms, but affected individuals can have chronic or recurring lung infections, shortness of breath (dyspnea) when performing an activity, coughing up of blood (hemoptysis), and even severe respiratory impairment.
how many people are affected by autosomal recessive axonal neuropathy with neuromyotonia ? <sep> autosomal recessive axonal neuropathy with neuromyotonia is a rare form of inherited peripheral neuropathy. this group of conditions affects an estimated 1 in 2,500 people. the prevalence of autosomal recessive axonal neuropathy with neuromyotonia is unknown.
how many people are affected by zap70-related severe combined immunodeficiency ? <sep> zap70-related scid is a rare disorder. only about 20 affected individuals have been identified. the prevalence of scid from all genetic causes combined is approximately 1 in 50,000.
is friedreich ataxia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) copd ? <sep> chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or copd, is a progressive lung disease in which the airways of the lungs become damaged, making it harder to breathe. with copd, airways become blocked, making it harder to get air in and out.
what are the treatments for lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia: - genetic testing registry: lissencephaly 2 - genetic testing registry: lissencephaly 3 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the symptoms of prevent diabetes problems: keep your eyes healthy ? <sep> often, no symptoms appear during the early stages of diabetes retina problems. as retina problems worsen, your symptoms might include - blurry or double vision - rings, flashing lights, or blank spots in your vision - dark or floating spots in your vision - pain or pressure in one or both of your eyes - trouble seeing things out of the corners of your eyes
is head and neck squamous cell carcinoma inherited ? <sep> hnscc is generally not inherited; it typically arises from mutations in the body's cells that occur during an individual's lifetime. this type of alteration is called a somatic mutation. rarely, hnscc is found in several members of a family. these families have inherited disorders that increase the risk of multiple types of cancer.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for familial periodic paralyses ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports research on neuromuscular disorders such as the familial periodic paralyses. these studies are aimed at increasing knowledge about these disorders and finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
what is (are) age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> wet amd occurs when abnormal blood vessels behind the retina start to grow under the macula. with wet amd, loss of central vision can occur quickly. wet amd is considered to be advanced amd and is more severe than the dry form.
how many people are affected by renal tubular acidosis with deafness ? <sep> renal tubular acidosis with deafness is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
how to prevent acinetobacter in healthcare settings ? <sep> acinetobacter can live on the skin and may survive in the environment for several days. careful attention to infection control procedures, such as hand hygiene and environmental cleaning, can reduce the risk of transmission.
what is (are) psoriasis ? <sep> oral or injected medications for psoriasis include methotrexate, cycloclosporine, oral retinoids, and biologics. these therapies, prescribed by your doctor, work in different ways to help control the underlying disease process.
how many people are affected by trimethylaminuria ? <sep> trimethylaminuria is an uncommon genetic disorder; its incidence is unknown.
how many people are affected by pilomatricoma ? <sep> pilomatricoma is an uncommon tumor. the exact prevalence is unknown, but pilomatricoma probably accounts for less than 1 percent of all benign skin tumors.
is craniofacial-deafness-hand syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is chronic atrial and intestinal dysrhythmia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by amish lethal microcephaly ? <sep> amish lethal microcephaly occurs in approximately 1 in 500 newborns in the old order amish population of pennsylvania. it has not been found outside this population.
how many people are affected by neuroferritinopathy ? <sep> the prevalence of neuroferritinopathy is unknown. fewer than 100 individuals with this disorder have been reported.
how many people are affected by danon disease ? <sep> danon disease is a rare condition, but the exact prevalence is unknown.
how to diagnose pyruvate kinase deficiency ? <sep> is genetic testing available for pyruvate kinase deficiency? yes. genetests lists laboratories offering clinical genetic testing for this condition. clinical genetic tests are ordered to help diagnose an affected person or other family members and to aid in decisions regarding medical care or reproductive issues. we recommend that you talk to your health care provider or a genetic professional to learn more about your testing options.
is inclusion body myopathy 2 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by angelman syndrome ? <sep> angelman syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 12,000 to 20,000 people.
is fish-eye disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for septo-optic dysplasia ? <sep> can septo-optic dysplasia be cured? there is no cure for septo-optic dysplasia. treatment is symptomatic. hormone deficiencies may be treated with hormone replacement therapy. the optical problems are generally not treatable. vision, physical, and occupational therapies may be required.
how many people are affected by sepiapterin reductase deficiency ? <sep> sepiapterin reductase deficiency appears to be a rare condition. at least 30 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by hypermanganesemia with dystonia, polycythemia, and cirrhosis ? <sep> the prevalence of hmdpc is unknown. a small number of cases have been described in the scientific literature.
how many people are affected by triple x syndrome ? <sep> this condition occurs in about 1 in 1,000 newborn girls. five to 10 girls with triple x syndrome are born in the united states each day.
how to prevent iga nephropathy ? <sep> researchers have not found a way to prevent iga nephropathy. people with a family history of iga nephropathy should talk with their health care provider to find out what steps they can take to keep their kidneys healthy, such as controlling their blood pressure and keeping their blood cholesterol at healthy levels.
how many people are affected by benign essential blepharospasm ? <sep> benign essential blepharospasm affects an estimated 20,000 to 50,000 people in the united states. for unknown reasons, it occurs in women more than twice as often as it occurs in men.
is meesmann corneal dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of an altered krt12 or krt3 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the condition from an affected parent.
is lacrimo-auriculo-dento-digital syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means a mutation in one copy of the fgfr2, fgfr3, or fgf10 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what to do for what i need to know about hepatitis c ? <sep> if you have chronic hepatitis c, you should do things to take care of yourself, including eating a healthy diet. avoid drinking alcohol, which can harm the liver. talk with your doctor before taking vitamins and other supplements.
how to diagnose bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia ? <sep> how is bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia (boop) diagnosed? boop is typically diagnosed by lung biopsy, although imaging tests and pulmonary function tests can also provide information for diagnosis.
how many people are affected by aromatase deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of aromatase deficiency is unknown; approximately 20 cases have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by lactate dehydrogenase deficiency ? <sep> lactate dehydrogenase deficiency is a rare disorder. in japan, this condition affects 1 in 1 million individuals; the prevalence of lactate dehydrogenase deficiency in other countries is unknown.
how many people are affected by arts syndrome ? <sep> arts syndrome appears to be extremely rare. only a few families with this disorder have been described in the medical literature.
what are the symptoms of lipodermatosclerosis ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms of lipodermatosclerosis? lipodermatosclerosis refers to changes in the skin of the lower legs. one or both legs may be involved. signs and symptoms vary but may include: pain hardening and/or thickening of the skin varicose veins changes in skin color (redness) small white scarred areas (atrophie blanche) swelling leg ulcers tapering of the legs above the ankles
how many people are affected by spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy ? <sep> this condition affects fewer than 1 in 150,000 males and is very rare in females.
is myoclonic epilepsy myopathy sensory ataxia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for factor v deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of factor v deficiency: - genetic testing registry: factor v deficiency - medlineplus encyclopedia: factor v deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for atelosteogenesis type 1 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of atelosteogenesis type 1: - gene review: gene review: flnb-related disorders - genetic testing registry: atelosteogenesis type 1 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to diagnose kyasanur forest disease (kfd) ? <sep> diagnosis can be made in the early stage of illness by molecular detection by pcr or virus isolation from blood. later, serologic testing using enzyme-linked immunosorbent serologic assay (elisa) can be performed.
what is the outlook for whiplash ? <sep> generally, prognosis for individuals with whiplash is good. the neck and head pain clears within a few days or weeks. most patients recover within 3 months after the injury, however, some may continue to have residual neck pain and headaches.
is czech dysplasia inherited ? <sep> czech dysplasia is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered col2a1 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. all known individuals with czech dysplasia inherited the mutation from a parent with the condition.
what are the symptoms of age-related macular degeneration ? <sep> an early symptom of wet amd is that straight lines appear wavy. if you notice this condition or other changes to your vision, contact your eye care professional at once. you need a comprehensive dilated eye exam.
who is at risk for nocardiosis? ? <sep> the bacteria that cause nocardiosis are commonly found in soil and water. you could become sick with nocardiosis if: - you inhale (breathe in) the bacteria - bacteria gets into an open wound or cut in rare cases, infection can occur during surgical procedures. fortunately, nocardiosis is not spread person to person, so being around someone who has the disease will not make you sick.
is critical congenital heart disease inherited ? <sep> most cases of cchd are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. however, close relatives (such as siblings) of people with cchd may have an increased risk of being born with a heart defect compared with people in the general population.
is acromicric dysplasia inherited ? <sep> acromicric dysplasia is an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. in other cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent.
what is (are) alzheimer's disease ? <sep> memory problems are typically one of the first signs of alzheimers disease, though different people may have different initial symptoms. a decline in other aspects of thinking, such as finding the right words, vision/spatial issues, and impaired reasoning or judgment, may also signal the very early stages of alzheimers disease.
how many people are affected by nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma ? <sep> nbcie is estimated to affect 1 in 200,000 to 300,000 individuals in the united states. this condition is more common in norway, where an estimated 1 in 90,000 people are affected.
how many people are affected by chorea-acanthocytosis ? <sep> it is estimated that 500 to 1,000 people worldwide have chorea-acanthocytosis.
what are the treatments for sotos syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of sotos syndrome: - gene review: gene review: sotos syndrome - genetic testing registry: sotos' syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: increased head circumference these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by essential pentosuria ? <sep> essential pentosuria occurs almost exclusively in individuals with ashkenazi jewish ancestry. approximately 1 in 3,300 people in this population are affected.
what are the treatments for andersen-tawil syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of andersen-tawil syndrome: - gene review: gene review: andersen-tawil syndrome - genetic testing registry: andersen tawil syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is medullary cystic kidney disease type 1 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how to prevent kidney dysplasia ? <sep> researchers have not found a way to prevent kidney dysplasia caused by genetic factors or certain genetic syndromes. pregnant women can prevent kidney dysplasia by avoiding the use of certain prescription medications or illegal drugs during pregnancy. pregnant women should talk with their health care provider before taking any medications during pregnancy.
what to do for kidney dysplasia ? <sep> researchers have not found that eating, diet, and nutrition play a role in causing or preventing kidney dysplasia.
how many people are affected by histidinemia ? <sep> estimates of the incidence of histidinemia vary widely, ranging between 1 in 8,600 to 1 in 90,000 people.
how many people are affected by langer mesomelic dysplasia ? <sep> the prevalence of langer mesomelic dysplasia is unknown, although the condition appears to be rare. several dozen affected individuals have been reported in the scientific literature.
what are the treatments for greenberg dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of greenberg dysplasia: - genetic testing registry: greenberg dysplasia - lurie children's hospital of chicago: fetal skeletal dysplasia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by cystinuria ? <sep> cystinuria affects approximately 1 in 10,000 people.
what is (are) what i need to know about hepatitis c ? <sep> acute hepatitis c is a short-term infection with the hepatitis c virus. symptoms can last up to 6 months. the infection sometimes clears up because your body is able to fight off the infection and get rid of the virus.
is infantile-onset spinocerebellar ataxia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
who is at risk for what i need to know about diverticular disease? ? <sep> many people get diverticular disease. starting at age 40, the chance of getting it increases about every 10 years. about half of people between the ages of 60 and 80 have diverticular disease. almost everyone over 80 has it.
how many people are affected by stargardt macular degeneration ? <sep> stargardt macular degeneration is the most common form of juvenile macular degeneration, the signs and symptoms of which begin in childhood. the estimated prevalence of stargardt macular degeneration is 1 in 8,000 to 10,000 individuals.
is familial paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is typically sufficient to cause the disorder. almost everyone with a mutation in the pnkd gene will develop familial paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia. in all reported cases, an affected person has inherited the mutation from one parent.
how many people are affected by mucopolysaccharidosis type vi ? <sep> the exact incidence of mps vi is unknown, although it is estimated to occur in 1 in 250,000 to 600,000 newborns.
how many people are affected by microphthalmia ? <sep> microphthalmia occurs in approximately 1 in 10,000 individuals.
is irak-4 deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for kuru ? <sep> there were no treatments that could control or cure kuru, other than discouraging the practice of cannibalism. currently, there are no cures or treatments for any of the other tse diseases.
how many people are affected by pallister-killian mosaic syndrome ? <sep> pallister-killian mosaic syndrome appears to be a rare condition, although its exact prevalence is unknown. this disorder may be underdiagnosed because it can be difficult to detect in people with mild signs and symptoms. as a result, most diagnoses are made in children with more severe features of the disorder. more than 150 people with pallister-killian mosaic syndrome have been reported in the medical literature.
what are the treatments for imerslund-grsbeck syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of imerslund-grsbeck syndrome: - medlineplus encyclopedia: anemia - b12 deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what causes pyruvate kinase deficiency ? <sep> what causes pyruvate kinase deficiency? in most cases, pyruvate kinase deficiency is caused by mutations in the pklr gene. more than 100 different mutation in the pklr gene have been detected. medical conditions, such as acute leukemia, preleukemia, and refractory sideroblastic anemia, as well as complications from chemotherapy, can cause an acquired pyruvate kinase deficiency. this type is more common and milder than the hereditary type.
what is (are) microscopic polyangiitis ? <sep> microscopic polyangiitis (mpa) is a disorder that causes blood vessel inflammation (vasculitis), which can lead to organ damage. the kidneys, lungs, nerves, skin, and joints are the most commonly affected areas of the body. mpa is diagnosed in people of all ages, all ethnicities, and both genders. the cause of this disorder is unknown.
is adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is townes-brocks syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by hyperlysinemia ? <sep> the incidence of hyperlysinemia is unknown.
how many people are affected by crohn disease ? <sep> crohn disease is most common in western europe and north america, where it affects 100 to 150 in 100,000 people. about one million americans are currently affected by this disorder. crohn disease occurs more often in whites and people of eastern and central european (ashkenazi) jewish descent than among people of other ethnic backgrounds.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for cerebral arteriosclerosis ? <sep> the ninds supports an extensive research program on stroke and conditions that can lead to stroke. much of this research is aimed at finding ways to prevent and treat conditions such as cerebral arteriosclerosis.
how many people are affected by x-linked sideroblastic anemia and ataxia ? <sep> x-linked sideroblastic anemia and ataxia is a rare disorder; only a few affected families have been reported.
what are the treatments for familial porencephaly ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of familial porencephaly: - gene review: gene review: col4a1-related disorders - genetic testing registry: familial porencephaly these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is andermann syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by aicardi syndrome ? <sep> aicardi syndrome is a very rare disorder. it occurs in about 1 in 105,000 to 167,000 newborns in the united states. researchers estimate that there are approximately 4,000 affected individuals worldwide.
what is (are) cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis ? <sep> cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis is a type of lipid storage disease. symptoms of this condition include diarrhea in infants, cataracts in children, tendon xanthomas, and progressive neurologic dysfunction. it is caused by mutations in the cyp27a1 gene. treatment may involve chenodeoxycholic acid (cdca), inhibitors of hmg-coa reductase, and surgery to remove cataracts.
what are the treatments for epidermal nevus ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of epidermal nevus: - genetic testing registry: epidermal nevus these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for craniosynostosis ? <sep> the prognosis for craniosynostosis varies depending on whether single or multiple cranial sutures are involved or other abnormalities are present. the prognosis is better for those with single suture involvement and no associated abnormalities.
how many people are affected by laing distal myopathy ? <sep> although laing distal myopathy is thought to be rare, its prevalence is unknown. several families with the condition have been identified worldwide.
is familial idiopathic basal ganglia calcification inherited ? <sep> fibgc is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern. autosomal dominant inheritance means one copy of an altered slc20a2 or pdgfrb gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. this condition appears to follow an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance when the genetic cause is not known. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
is familial hyperaldosteronism inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is glycogen storage disease type i inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how to diagnose glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome ? <sep> how is glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome diagnosed? a diagnosis of glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome (glut1 deficiency syndrome) is often suspected based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. additional testing can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis. this may include a lumbar puncture, specialized blood tests to measure the blood concentration of glucose and genetic testing.
how many people are affected by ataxia-telangiectasia ? <sep> ataxia-telangiectasia occurs in 1 in 40,000 to 100,000 people worldwide.
what is the outlook for schizencephaly ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with schizencephaly varies depending on the size of the clefts and the extent of neurological disabilities.
how many people are affected by alpha thalassemia ? <sep> alpha thalassemia is a fairly common blood disorder worldwide. thousands of infants with hb bart syndrome and hbh disease are born each year, particularly in southeast asia. alpha thalassemia also occurs frequently in people from mediterranean countries, north africa, the middle east, india, and central asia.
is beta-ureidopropionase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for juvenile paget disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of juvenile paget disease: - genetic testing registry: hyperphosphatasemia with bone disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for benign multicystic peritoneal mesothelioma ? <sep> how might benign multicystic peritoneal mesothelioma be treated? surgery to remove the cystic lesions is the only effective treatment for bmpm. aggressive surgical approaches are often recommended. hormonal therapy has also been attempted in individual cases with variable degrees of success. most affected individuals do not undergo chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy because these tumors are usually benign.
what are the treatments for fatal familial insomnia ? <sep> how might fatal familial insomnia be treated? there is currently no cure for fatal familial insomnia or treatment that can slow the disease progression. management is based on alleviating symptoms and making affected people as comfortable as possible. a number of potential therapies are under current development, some of which have shown promising results in animal studies.
who is at risk for omsk hemorrhagic fever (ohf)? ? <sep> in areas where rodent reservoirs and tick species are prevalent, people with recreational or occupational exposure to rural or outdoor settings (e.g., hunters, campers, forest workers, farmers) are potentially at increased risk for ohf by contact with infected ticks and animals. furthermore, those in siberia who hunt and trap muskrats specifically are at higher risk for ohf. exposure may also occur in the laboratory environment.
is globozoospermia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is dopamine beta-hydroxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for aicardi-goutieres syndrome disorder ? <sep> the prognosis depends upon the severity of symptoms. children with early-onset ags have the highest risk of death. children with the later-onset form may be left with weakness or stiffness in the peripheral muscles and arms, weak muscles in the trunk of the body, and poor head control. almost all children with ags have mild to severe intellectual and physical impairment.
how many people are affected by infantile systemic hyalinosis ? <sep> the prevalence of infantile systemic hyalinosis is unknown. fewer than 20 people with this disorder have been reported.
what are the treatments for gerstmann's syndrome ? <sep> there is no cure for gerstmann's syndrome. treatment is symptomatic and supportive. occupational and speech therapies may help diminish the dysgraphia and apraxia. in addition, calculators and word processors may help school children cope with the symptoms of the disorder.
what are the symptoms of viral gastroenteritis ? <sep> the main symptoms of viral gastroenteritis are - watery diarrhea - vomiting other symptoms include - headache - fever - chills - abdominal pain symptoms usually appear within 12 to 48 hours after exposure to a gastroenteritis-causing virus and last for 1 to 3 days. some viruses cause symptoms that last longer.
what causes konigsmark knox hussels syndrome ? <sep> what causes konigsmark knox hussels syndrome? konigsmark knox hussels syndrome is caused by a particular mutation in the opa1 gene. in most cases, this condition is caused by a mutation that replaces the amino acid arginine with the amino acid histidine at position 445 in the opa1 protein. this is written as arg445his or r445h. it is unclear why the r445h mutation causes both hearing and vision loss in affected individuals.
what is the outlook for alternating hemiplegia ? <sep> children with the benign form of alternating hemiplegia have a good prognosis. those who experience the more severe form have a poor prognosis because intellectual and mental capacities do not respond to drug therapy, and balance and gait problems continue. over time, walking unassisted becomes difficult or impossible.
is tyrosine hydroxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by autosomal dominant congenital stationary night blindness ? <sep> autosomal dominant congenital stationary night blindness is likely a rare disease; however, its prevalence is unknown.
is white sponge nevus inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell can be sufficient to cause the disorder. however, some people who have a mutation that causes white sponge nevus do not develop these abnormal growths; this phenomenon is called reduced penetrance.
what are the treatments for heart failure ? <sep> lifestyle changes to treat heart failure may include - reducing salt and fluid intake - following a heart healthy diet - adopting a plan to lose weight - quitting smoking - engaging in physical activity. reducing salt and fluid intake following a heart healthy diet adopting a plan to lose weight quitting smoking engaging in physical activity.
who is at risk for colorectal cancer? ? <sep> researchers are working hard to understand and identify the genes involved in colorectal cancer. hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer, or hnpcc, is one condition that causes people to develop colorectal cancer at a young age. the discovery of four genes involved with this disease has provided crucial clues about the role of dna repair in colorectal and other cancers.
is asperger syndrome inherited ? <sep> autism spectrum disorders including asperger syndrome have a tendency to run in families, but the inheritance pattern is unknown.
is chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy inherited ? <sep> is chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (cidp) inherited? cidp is not known to be inherited and is considered an acquired disorder. no clear genetic predisposition or other predisposing factors for cidp have been identified.
is alg1-congenital disorder of glycosylation inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is distal hereditary motor neuropathy, type v inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. some people who have the altered gene never develop the condition, a situation known as reduced penetrance.
what is (are) depression ? <sep> depression is more than just feeling blue or sad. it is an illness. when you have depression, it interferes with daily life and normal functioning, and causes pain for both you and those who care about you.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for multifocal motor neuropathy ? <sep> the ninds supports a broad range of research on neuromuscular disorders with the goal of finding ways to prevent, treat, and, ultimately, cure them.
how many people are affected by hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type ie ? <sep> hsan ie is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown. small numbers of affected families have been identified in populations around the world.
what are the treatments for thyrotoxic myopathy ? <sep> treatment involves restoring normal levels of thyroid hormone and may include thyroid drugs, radioactive iodine, and sometimes partial or complete surgical removal of the thyroid.
how many people are affected by tarsal-carpal coalition syndrome ? <sep> this condition is very rare; however, the exact prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by multiple endocrine neoplasia ? <sep> multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 affects about 1 in 30,000 people; multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2 affects an estimated 1 in 35,000 people. among the subtypes of type 2, type 2a is the most common form, followed by fmtc. type 2b is relatively uncommon, accounting for about 5 percent of all cases of type 2. the prevalence of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 4 is unknown, although the condition appears to be rare.
is otospondylomegaepiphyseal dysplasia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for rippling muscle disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of rippling muscle disease: - gene review: gene review: caveolinopathies - genetic testing registry: rippling muscle disease these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for congenital hemidysplasia with ichthyosiform erythroderma and limb defects ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of child syndrome: - gene review: gene review: nsdhl-related disorders - genetic testing registry: child syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is warsaw breakage syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by boomerang dysplasia ? <sep> boomerang dysplasia is a rare disorder; its exact prevalence is unknown. approximately 10 affected individuals have been identified.
how many people are affected by ornithine translocase deficiency ? <sep> ornithine translocase deficiency is a very rare disorder. fewer than 100 affected individuals have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency ? <sep> aprt deficiency is estimated to affect 1 in 27,000 people in japan. the condition is rarer in europe, where it is thought to affect 1 in 50,000 to 100,000 people. the prevalence of aprt deficiency outside these populations is unknown.
is perrault syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) leukemia ? <sep> leukemia is a cancer of the blood cells. it usually begins in the bone marrow where blood cells are formed. in leukemia, the bone marrow produces abnormal white blood cells. over time, as the number of abnormal white blood cells builds up in the blood, they crowd out healthy blood cells. this makes it difficult for the blood to carry out its normal functions.
how many people are affected by bladder cancer ? <sep> in the united states, bladder cancer is the fourth most common type of cancer in men and the ninth most common cancer in women. about 45,000 men and 17,000 women are diagnosed with bladder cancer each year.
what are the treatments for freeman-sheldon syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of freeman-sheldon syndrome: - genetic testing registry: freeman-sheldon syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
who is at risk for nutrition for early chronic kidney disease in adults? ? <sep> millions of americans are at risk for developing ckd because they have diabetes, high blood pressure, or both. high blood glucose levels put people with diabetes at risk for heart disease, stroke, amputation, and eye and kidney problems. people with high blood pressure are at risk for damaged blood vessels, including tiny vessels in the kidneys.
what are the treatments for aminoacylase 1 deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aminoacylase 1 deficiency: - genetic testing registry: aminoacylase 1 deficiency these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for alpha-methylacyl-coa racemase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of amacr deficiency: - genetic testing registry: alpha-methylacyl-coa racemase deficiency - kennedy krieger institute: peroxisomal diseases these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by potassium-aggravated myotonia ? <sep> this condition appears to be rare; it has been reported in only a few individuals and families worldwide.
is feingold syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what are the treatments for dumping syndrome ? <sep> treatment for dumping syndrome includes changes in eating, diet, and nutrition; medication; and, in some cases, surgery. many people with dumping syndrome have mild symptoms that improve over time with simple dietary changes.
is galactosialidosis inherited ? <sep> how is galactosialidosis inherited? galactosialidosis is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) alcohol use and older adults ? <sep> some people with an alcohol use disorder are treated in a facility, such as a hospital, mental health center, or substance abuse clinic. treatment may last as long as several weeks. this type of treatment typically involves detoxification (when a person is weaned from alcohol), medicine, and counseling. learn more about treatment settings for alcohol problems. use the behavioral health treatment services locator to find a treatment facility.
what is (are) megalocytic interstitial nephritis ? <sep> megalocytic interstitial nephritis is a rare chronic kidney disease that is characterized by inflammation of the kidney. it is similar to malakoplakia of the kidney. in this condition the inflammation is caused by various infiltrate, particularly histiocytes. a histiocyte is a type of immune cell that eats foreign substances in an effort to protect the body from infection.
what are the symptoms of penile cancer ? <sep> signs of penile cancer include sores, discharge, and bleeding. these and other signs may be caused by penile cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - redness, irritation, or a sore on the penis. - a lump on the penis.
what are the symptoms of kidney stones in children ? <sep> children with kidney stones may have pain while urinating, see blood in the urine, or feel a sharp pain in the back or lower abdomen. the pain may last for a short or long time. children may experience nausea and vomiting with the pain. however, children who have small stones that pass easily through the urinary tract may not have symptoms at all.
what are the treatments for cyclic vomiting syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of cyclic vomiting syndrome: - children's hospital of wisconsin - genetic testing registry: cyclical vomiting syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for developmental dyspraxia ? <sep> developmental dyspraxia is a lifelong disorder. many individuals are able to compensate for their disabilities through occupational and speech therapy.
how many people are affected by vitamin d-dependent rickets ? <sep> rickets affects an estimated 1 in 200,000 children. the condition is most often caused by a lack of vitamin d in the diet or insufficient sun exposure rather than genetic mutations; genetic forms of rickets, including vddr1 and vddr2, are much less common. the prevalence of vddr1 and vddr2 is unknown. vddr1 is more common in the french canadian population than in other populations.
how many people are affected by opitz g/bbb syndrome ? <sep> x-linked opitz g/bbb syndrome is thought to affect 1 in 10,000 to 50,000 males, although it is likely that this condition is underdiagnosed. the incidence of autosomal dominant opitz g/bbb syndrome is unknown. it is part of a larger condition known as 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, which is estimated to affect 1 in 4,000 people.
what is (are) pituitary disorders ? <sep> your pituitary gland is a pea-sized gland at the base of your brain. the pituitary is the "master control gland" - it makes hormones that affect growth and the functions of other glands in the body. with pituitary disorders, you often have too much or too little of one of your hormones. injuries can cause pituitary disorders, but the most common cause is a pituitary tumor.
how to diagnose chronic hiccups ? <sep> how are chronic hiccups diagnosed? a diagnosis of chronic hiccups is usually obvious based on symptoms. however, a complete physical exam with various laboratory tests and imaging studies (i.e. chest x-ray, ct scan, mri scan, and/or fluoroscopy of the diaphragm) may be performed to determine the underlying cause. for more information about the workup and diagnosis of chronic hiccups, please click here.
is langerhans cell histiocytosis inherited ? <sep> is langerhans cell histiocytosis inherited? although langerhans cell histiocytosis is generally considered a sporadic, non-hereditary condition, it has reportedly affected more than one individual in a family in a very limited number of cases (particularly identical twins).
how to diagnose stenotrophomonas maltophilia infection ? <sep> how is stenotrophomonas maltophilia infection diagnosed? stenotrophomonas maltophilia (s. maltophilia) infection is usually diagnosed by examining a small sample of blood, mucus, and/or urine. when an infection is suspected, possible sites of infection including wounds, intravenous (vein) catheters, urinary catheters, and breathing machines should also be tested for the presence of s. maltophilia bacteria.
what are the treatments for machado-joseph disease ? <sep> lyme disease is treated with antibiotics under the supervision of a physician.
how many people are affected by costello syndrome ? <sep> this condition is very rare; it probably affects 200 to 300 people worldwide. reported estimates of costello syndrome prevalence range from 1 in 300,000 to 1 in 1.25 million people.
what are the treatments for chylomicron retention disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of chylomicron retention disease: - genetic testing registry: chylomicron retention disease - medlineplus encyclopedia: malabsorption these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) hirschsprung's disease ? <sep> hirschsprung disease is a disease of the large intestine or colon. people with this disease do not have the nerve cells in the intestine required to expel stools from the body normally. symptoms of hirschsprung disease usually show up in very young children, but sometimes not until adolescence or adulthood. the symptoms may vary with age, but often involve constipation and/or obstruction of the bowel.
how many people are affected by juvenile primary lateral sclerosis ? <sep> juvenile primary lateral sclerosis is a rare disorder, with few reported cases.
what are the treatments for phosphoglycerate mutase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of phosphoglycerate mutase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: glycogen storage disease type x these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is (are) hematuria (blood in the urine) ? <sep> hematuria is blood in the urine. two types of blood in the urine exist. blood that can be seen in the urine is called gross hematuria. blood that cannot be seen in the urine, except when examined with a microscope, is called microscopic hematuria.
do you have information about infant and newborn care <sep> summary : going home with a new baby is exciting, but it can be scary, too. newborns have many needs, like frequent feedings and diaper changes. babies can have health issues that are different from older children and adults, like diaper rash and cradle cap. your baby will go through many changes during the first year of life. you may feel uneasy at first. ask your health care provider for help if you need it.
how many people are affected by familial isolated pituitary adenoma ? <sep> pituitary adenomas, including sporadic tumors, are relatively common; they are identified in an estimated 1 in 1,000 people. fipa, though, is quite rare, accounting for approximately 2 percent of pituitary adenomas. more than 200 families with fipa have been described in the medical literature.
what is (are) lipedema ? <sep> lipedema is a syndrome characterized by symmetric enlargement of the legs due to deposits of fat beneath the skin, which is often painful. it is a common condition affecting up to 11% of women the underlying cause is currently unknown; however many people with lipedema have a family history of similarly enlarged legs. hormones are also thought to play a role.
what causes viral hepatitis: a through e and beyond ? <sep> some cases of viral hepatitis cannot be attributed to the hepatitis a, b, c, d, or e viruses, or even the less common viruses that can infect the liver, such as cytomegalovirus, epstein-barr virus, herpesvirus, parvovirus, and adenovirus. these cases are called non-ae hepatitis. scientists continue to study the causes of non-ae hepatitis.
who is at risk for urinary tract infections in children? ? <sep> throughout childhood, the risk of having a uti is 2 percent for boys and 8 percent for girls. having an anomaly of the urinary tract, such as urine reflux from the bladder back into the ureters, increases the risk of a uti. boys who are younger than 6 months old who are not circumcised are at greater risk for a uti than circumcised boys the same age.1
is propionic acidemia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) spina bifida occulta ? <sep> spina bifida occulta (sbo) occurs when the bones of the spinal column do not completely close around the developing nerves of the spinal cord. in most cases sbo causes no symptoms, however cases associated with back and urogenital problems have been reported. sbo has an estimated prevalence of 12.4%.
what causes primary sclerosing cholangitis ? <sep> the causes of psc are not known. genes, immune system problems, bacteria, and viruses may play roles in the development of the disease. psc is linked to inflammatory bowel disease (ibd). about three out of four people with psc have a type of ibd called ulcerative colitis. the link between psc and ibd is not yet understood.
how many people are affected by intestinal pseudo-obstruction ? <sep> primary intestinal pseudo-obstruction is a rare disorder. its prevalence is unknown. the prevalence of secondary intestinal pseudo-obstruction is also unknown, but it is believed to be more common than the primary form.
what is (are) gum (periodontal) disease ? <sep> gingivitis is inflammation of the gums. in gingivitis, the gums become red, swollen and can bleed easily. gingivitis is a mild form of gum disease. it can usually be reversed with daily brushing and flossing, and regular cleaning by a dentist or dental hygienist. this form of gum disease does not include any loss of bone and tissue that hold teeth in place.
what causes megalocytic interstitial nephritis ? <sep> what causes malakoplakia? the cause of malakoplakia is unknown, but is thought to be associated with immunodeficiency or autoimmune disorders, such as hypogammaglobinlinemia, therapies that suppress the immune system, cancer, a chronic debilitating disorder, rheumatoid arthritis, and aids.
is harlequin ichthyosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by allan-herndon-dudley syndrome ? <sep> allan-herndon-dudley syndrome appears to be a rare disorder. about 25 families with individuals affected by this condition have been reported worldwide.
what is (are) parasites - lice - pubic "crab" lice ? <sep> also called crab lice or "crabs," pubic lice are parasitic insects found primarily in the pubic or genital area of humans. pubic lice infestation is found worldwide and occurs in all races, ethnic groups, and levels of society.
how many people are affected by sialidosis ? <sep> the overall prevalence of sialidosis is unknown. sialidosis type i appears to be more common in people with italian ancestry.
is 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency inherited ? <sep> how is 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency inherited? this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is hereditary sensory neuropathy type ia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
what is the outlook for holoprosencephaly ? <sep> the prognosis for individuals with the disorder depends on the severity of the brain and facial deformities.
what causes glioblastoma ? <sep> what causes glioblastoma? in most cases, the exact underlying cause of glioblastoma is unknown. in rare cases, they can occur in people with certain genetic syndromes such as neurofibromatosis type 1, turcot syndrome and li fraumeni syndrome. in these cases, affected people usually have other characteristic features of the condition that are all caused by changes (mutations) in a specific gene.
is hyperferritinemia-cataract syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
is sting-associated vasculopathy with onset in infancy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, this condition likely results from new (de novo) mutations in the gene that occur during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs or sperm) or in early embryonic development. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for schilder's disease ? <sep> treatment for the disorder follows the established standards in multiple sclerosis and includes corticosteroids, beta-interferon or immunosuppressive therapy, and symptomatic treatment.
is pyruvate kinase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is protein c deficiency inherited ? <sep> how is protein c deficiency inherited? hereditary protein c deficiency is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. this means that having only one mutated copy of the responsible gene in each cell is enough to cause mild protein c deficiency. a mutated copy of the gene can be inherited from a person's mother or father. people who inherit two mutated copies of the gene have severe protein c deficiency.
is lamellar ichthyosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by cap myopathy ? <sep> cap myopathy is a rare disorder that has been identified in only a small number of individuals. its exact prevalence is unknown.
is primary hyperoxaluria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by congenital cataracts, facial dysmorphism, and neuropathy ? <sep> the prevalence of ccfdn is unknown. the disorder has been identified in about 150 individuals of romani ethnicity. thus far, no affected individuals have been observed outside this community.
what causes progressive transformation of germinal centers ? <sep> what causes progressive transformation of germinal centers? is it genetic? the cause of progressive transformation of germinal centers (ptgc) is currently unknown. also, there is no evidence in the medical literature that ptgc is a genetic condition.
what is (are) ibids syndrome ? <sep> tay syndrome is a rare genetic disorder characterized by congenital ichthyosis (dry, fish-like scaly skin present at birth) and abnormal brittle hair (trichothiodystrophy).
how many people are affected by sheldon-hall syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of sheldon-hall syndrome is unknown; however, it is thought to be the most common type of distal arthrogryposis. about 100 affected individuals have been described in the medical literature.
how many people are affected by uv-sensitive syndrome ? <sep> uv-sensitive syndrome appears to be a rare condition; only a small number of affected individuals have been reported in the scientific literature. however, this condition may be underdiagnosed.
how many people are affected by aromatase excess syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of aromatase excess syndrome is unknown; more than 20 cases have been described in the medical literature.
is spastic paraplegia type 8 inherited ? <sep> spastic paraplegia type 8 is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by coats plus syndrome ? <sep> coats plus syndrome appears to be a rare disorder. its prevalence is unknown.
what is (are) viral gastroenteritis ? <sep> viral gastroenteritis is inflammation of the lining of the stomach, small intestine, and large intestine. several different viruses can cause viral gastroenteritis, which is highly contagious and extremely common. viral gastroenteritis causes millions of cases of diarrhea each year. anyone can get viral gastroenteritis and most people recover without any complications, unless they become dehydrated.
what to do for vesicoureteral reflux ? <sep> eating, diet, and nutrition have not been shown to play a role in causing or preventing vur.
what are the treatments for mitochondrial myopathy ? <sep> although there is no specific treatment for any of the mitochondrial myopathies, physical therapy may extend the range of movement of muscles and improve dexterity. vitamin therapies such as riboflavin, coenzyme q, and carnitine (a specialized amino acid) may provide subjective improvement in fatigue and energy levels in some patients.
what causes lichen planus pigmentosus ? <sep> what causes lichen planus pigmentosus? the exact underlying cause of lichen planus pigmentosus is currently unknown. however, studies suggest that the condition may be triggered by viral infections, uv light or the application of certain oils on the hair or skin (i.e. mustard oil, amla oil).
what are the treatments for aromatic l-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aromatic l-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: deficiency of aromatic-l-amino-acid decarboxylase these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for nonspherocytic hemolytic anemia due to hexokinase deficiency ? <sep> how might nonspherocytic hemolytic anemia due to hexokinase deficiency be treated? when severe anemia is present, blood transfusions may be necessary. affected individuals should avoid any drugs that can cause destruction of red blood cells, as well as any environmental triggers that may be identified.
how many people are affected by retinitis pigmentosa ? <sep> retinitis pigmentosa is one of the most common inherited diseases of the retina (retinopathies). it is estimated to affect 1 in 3,500 to 1 in 4,000 people in the united states and europe.
what are the symptoms of ectopic kidney ? <sep> an ectopic kidney may not cause any symptoms and may function normally, even though it is not in its usual position. many people have an ectopic kidney and do not discover it until they have tests done for other reasons. sometimes, a health care provider may discover an ectopic kidney after feeling a lump in the abdomen during an examination. in other cases, an ectopic kidney may cause abdominal pain or urinary problems.
what is (are) prevent diabetes problems: keep your kidneys healthy ? <sep> kidney failure, also called end-stage kidney disease or esrd, means your kidneys no longer work well enough to do their job. you will need treatment to replace the work your kidneys have stopped doing.
what are the treatments for fragile xe syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fragile xe syndrome: - centers for disease control and prevention: developmental screening fact sheet - genetic testing registry: fraxe these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by aminoacylase 1 deficiency ? <sep> the prevalence of aminoacylase 1 deficiency is unknown.
what are the treatments for williams syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of williams syndrome: - gene review: gene review: williams syndrome - genetic testing registry: williams syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: williams syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by carpenter syndrome ? <sep> carpenter syndrome is thought to be a rare condition; approximately 70 cases have been described in the scientific literature.
who is at risk for what i need to know about hepatitis a? ? <sep> anyone can get hepatitis a, but those more likely to are people who - travel to developing countries - live with someone who currently has an active hepatitis a infection - use illegal drugs, including noninjection drugs - have unprotected sex with an infected person - provide child care also, men who have sex with men are more likely to get hepatitis a.
what is (are) richter syndrome ? <sep> richter syndrome is a rare condition in which chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll) changes into a fast-growing type of lymphoma. symptoms of richter syndrome can include fever, loss of weight and muscle mass, abdominal pain, and enlargement of the lymph nodes, liver, and spleen. laboratory results may show anemia and low platelet counts (which can lead to easy bleeding and bruising).
what is the outlook for hydromyelia ? <sep> surgery may permanently or temporarily relieve symptoms, but it can also cause a number of severe complications. in rare cases, hydromyelia may resolve on its own without any medical intervention.
is carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency inherited ? <sep> how is carnitine-acylcarnitine inherited? carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for benign essential blepharospasm ? <sep> the ninds supports a broad program of research on disorders of the nervous system, including beb. much of this research is aimed at increasing understanding of these disorders and finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure them.
how many people are affected by core binding factor acute myeloid leukemia ? <sep> acute myeloid leukemia occurs in approximately 3.5 per 100,000 individuals each year. cbf-aml accounts for 12 to 15 percent of acute myeloid leukemia cases in adults.
is dentatorubral-pallidoluysian atrophy inherited ? <sep> how is dentatorubral-pallidoluysian atrophy (drpla) inherited?
what are the treatments for benign rolandic epilepsy (bre) ? <sep> what treatment is available for benign rolandic epilepsy? although treatment is usually not necessary since the episodes are infrequent and are typically outgrown by puberty, anticonvulsants such as carbamazepine.
what are the treatments for surviving cancer ? <sep> most people first notice symptoms, such as tingling or numbness, in their hands or feet. other common symptoms include sudden or sharp pain sensations, loss of sensation of touch, loss of balance or difficulty walking, trouble picking up objects or buttoning clothes, and being more -- or less -- sensitive to heat and cold.
what are the treatments for african iron overload ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of african iron overload: - genetic testing registry: african nutritional hemochromatosis these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by 15q24 microdeletion ? <sep> this condition is very rare; only a few dozen affected individuals have been identified.
what are the treatments for fecal incontinence ? <sep> treatment for fecal incontinence may include one or more of the following: - eating, diet, and nutrition - medications - bowel training - pelvic floor exercises and biofeedback - surgery - electrical stimulation
what are the treatments for floating-harbor syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of floating-harbor syndrome: - gene review: gene review: floating-harbor syndrome - genetic testing registry: floating-harbor syndrome - kidshealth: bone age study these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how common is botulism? <sep> in the united states, an average of 145 cases are reported each year.of these, approximately 15% are foodborne, 65% are infant botulism, and 20% are wound. adult intestinal colonization and iatrogenic botulism also occur, but rarely. outbreaks of foodborne botulism involving two or more persons occur most years and are usually caused by home-canned foods. most wound botulism cases are associated with black-tar heroin injection, especially in california.
is multiple familial trichoepithelioma inherited ? <sep> how is multiple familial trichoepithelioma inherited? susceptibility to multiple familial trichoepithelioma has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance. this means that one copy of the altered gene in each cell increases the risk that a person will develop the condition. however, a second, non-inherited mutation is needed for development of the skin tumors characteristic of this condition.
is gaucher disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) paget's disease of bone ? <sep> paget's disease of bone is a disease that causes affected bones to become enlarged and misshapen. our bones are living tissue, and our bodies are constantly breaking down old bone and replacing it with new bone. in paget's disease, however, old bone is broken down and replaced at a faster rate than normal. the new bone is larger and weaker than normal bone.
what are the treatments for norrie disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of norrie disease: - gene review: gene review: ndp-related retinopathies - genetic testing registry: atrophia bulborum hereditaria these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for piriformis syndrome ? <sep> within the ninds research programs, piriformis syndrome is addressed primarily through studies associated with pain research. ninds vigorously pursues a research program seeking new treatments for pain and nerve damage with the ultimate goal of reversing debilitating conditions such as piriformis syndrome.
how many people are affected by spastic paraplegia type 2 ? <sep> the prevalence of all hereditary spastic paraplegias combined is estimated to be 2 to 6 in 100,000 people worldwide. spastic paraplegia type 2 likely accounts for only a small percentage of all spastic paraplegia cases.
is phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for prosopagnosia ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) conducts research related to prosopagnosia in its laboratories at the national institutes of health (nih), and also supports additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure disorders, such as prosopagnosia.
how to prevent kawasaki disease ? <sep> kawasaki disease can't be prevented. however, most children who have the disease recoverusually within weeks of getting signs and symptoms. further problems are rare.
what are the treatments for langer-giedion syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of langer-giedion syndrome: - genetic testing registry: langer-giedion syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for fibronectin glomerulopathy ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fibronectin glomerulopathy: - genetic testing registry: glomerulopathy with fibronectin deposits 2 - medlineplus encyclopedia: protein urine test these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what is the outlook for benign essential blepharospasm ? <sep> with botulinum toxin treatment most individuals with beb have substantial relief of symptoms. although some may experience side effects such as drooping eyelids, blurred or double vision, and eye dryness, these side effects are usually only temporary. the condition may worsen or expand to surrounding muscles; remain the same for many years; and, in rare cases, improve spontaneously.
is succinyl-coa:3-ketoacid coa transferase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) urinary incontinence ? <sep> urinary incontinence means a person leaks urine by accident. urinary incontinence is a common bladder problem as people age. women are more likely than men to leak urine. if this problem is happening to you, there is help. urinary incontinence can often be controlled. talk to your health care provider about what you can do. learn about urinary incontinence in women. learn about urinary incontinence in men.
what are the treatments for parasites - hookworm ? <sep> anthelminthic medications (drugs that rid the body of parasitic worms), such as albendazole and mebendazole, are the drugs of choice for treatment of hookworm infections. infections are generally treated for 1-3 days. the recommended medications are effective and appear to have few side effects. iron supplements may also be prescribed if the infected person has anemia. more on: resources for health professionals: treatment
how many people are affected by carnitine palmitoyltransferase i deficiency ? <sep> cpt i deficiency is a rare disorder; fewer than 50 affected individuals have been identified. this disorder may be more common in the hutterite and inuit populations.
is deafness and myopia syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what causes autoimmune hepatitis ? <sep> a combination of autoimmunity, environmental triggers, and a genetic predisposition can lead to autoimmune hepatitis.
how many people are affected by hyperprolinemia ? <sep> it is difficult to determine the prevalence of hyperprolinemia type i because most people with the condition do not have any symptoms. hyperprolinemia type ii is a rare condition; its prevalence is also unknown.
how many people are affected by fucosidosis ? <sep> fucosidosis is a rare condition; approximately 100 cases have been reported worldwide. this condition appears to be most prevalent in italy, cuba, and the southwestern united states.
how many people are affected by thanatophoric dysplasia ? <sep> this condition occurs in 1 in 20,000 to 50,000 newborns. type i thanatophoric dysplasia is more common than type ii.
what is (are) klatskin tumor ? <sep> klatskin tumors are tumors that affect the upper part of the bile duct where it divides to enter the right and left parts of the liver. one or both sides may be affected. individuals with klatskin tumors often present with jaundice and/or abnormal liver tests. treatment may involve surgical removal of the tumor. not all tumors can be removed. prognosis for cases that cannot be removed (non-resectable tumors) is poor.
what is the outlook for childhood brain stem glioma ? <sep> certain factors affect prognosis (chance of recovery) and treatment options. the prognosis and treatment options depend on: - the type of brain stem glioma. - where the tumor is found in the brain and if it has spread within the brain stem. - the age of the child when diagnosed. - whether or not the child has a condition called neurofibromatosis type 1. - whether the tumor has just been diagnosed or has recurred (come back).
is juvenile primary lateral sclerosis inherited ? <sep> when caused by mutations in the als2 gene, juvenile primary lateral sclerosis is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for denys-drash syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of denys-drash syndrome: - gene review: gene review: wilms tumor overview - genetic testing registry: drash syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: nephrotic syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for melnick-needles syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of melnick-needles syndrome: - gene review: gene review: otopalatodigital spectrum disorders - genetic testing registry: melnick-needles syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by jackson-weiss syndrome ? <sep> jackson-weiss syndrome is a rare genetic disorder; its incidence is unknown.
what are the symptoms of primary gastrointestinal melanoma ? <sep> what are the symptoms of primary melanoma of the small intestine? symptoms of primary melanoma of the small intestine can vary from person to person. symptoms tend to be non-specific including nausea, vomiting, stomachache, fatigue, hemorrhage (broken blood vessels), and anemia (low red blood cell count).
how many people are affected by mannose-binding lectin deficiency ? <sep> mannose-binding lectin deficiency is thought to affect approximately 5 to 10 percent of people worldwide; however, many affected individuals have no signs or symptoms related to low mannose-binding lectin levels. the condition is more common in certain populations, such as sub-saharan africans.
is mucopolysaccharidosis type iv inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for vacterl association ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of vacterl association: - medlineplus encyclopedia: tracheoesophageal fistula and esophageal atresia repair these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by von willebrand disease ? <sep> von willebrand disease is estimated to affect 1 in 100 to 10,000 individuals. because people with mild signs and symptoms may not come to medical attention, it is thought that this condition is underdiagnosed. most researchers agree that von willebrand disease is the most common genetic bleeding disorder.
how many people are affected by andersen-tawil syndrome ? <sep> andersen-tawil syndrome is a rare genetic disorder; its incidence is unknown. about 100 people with this condition have been reported worldwide.
is familial thoracic aortic aneurysm and dissection inherited ? <sep> familial taad is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of an altered gene in each cell can be sufficient to cause the condition. in most cases, an affected person has one affected parent. however, some people who inherit an altered gene never develop the aortic abnormalities associated with the condition; this situation is known as reduced penetrance.
how many people are affected by permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus ? <sep> about 1 in 400,000 infants are diagnosed with diabetes mellitus in the first few months of life. however, in about half of these babies the condition is transient and goes away on its own by age 18 months. the remainder are considered to have permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus.
how many people are affected by congenital hemidysplasia with ichthyosiform erythroderma and limb defects ? <sep> child syndrome is a rare disorder; it has been reported in about 60 people worldwide. this condition occurs almost exclusively in females.
how many people are affected by miller-dieker syndrome ? <sep> miller-dieker syndrome appears to be a rare disorder, although its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by childhood myocerebrohepatopathy spectrum ? <sep> the prevalence of childhood myocerebrohepatopathy spectrum is unknown.
is type 1 plasminogen deficiency inherited ? <sep> is plasminogen deficiency, type 1 inherited? if so, in what manner? plasminogen deficiency, type 1 is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion, which means that an individual must inherit two disease-causing mutated copies of the plasminogen gene in order to have the condition and exhibit symptoms.
is t-cell immunodeficiency, congenital alopecia, and nail dystrophy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition. however, some people who carry one copy of a mutated foxn1 gene have abnormal fingernails or toenails.
is capillary malformation-arteriovenous malformation syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what are the treatments for marburg hemorrhagic fever (marburg hf) ? <sep> there is no specific treatment for marburg hemorrhagic fever. supportive hospital therapy should be utilized, which includes balancing the patient's fluids and electrolytes, maintaining oxygen status and blood pressure, replacing lost blood and clotting factors, and treatment for any complicating infections. experimental treatments are validated in non-human primates models, but have never been tried in humans.
what is (are) acanthamoeba - granulomatous amebic encephalitis (gae); keratitis ? <sep> acanthamoeba is a microscopic, free-living ameba (single-celled living organism) commonly found in the environment that can cause rare, but severe, illness. acanthamoeba causes three main types of illness involving the eye (acanthamoeba keratitis), the brain and spinal cord (granulomatous encephalitis), and infections that can spread throughout the entire body (disseminated infection).
what causes hypomyelination with atrophy of basal ganglia and cerebellum ? <sep> what causes hypomyelination with atrophy of basal ganglia and cerebellum (h-abc)? hypomyelination with atrophy of basal ganglia and cerebellum (h-abc) is caused by a mutation in the tubb4a gene. the mutation usually occurs for the first time in a family as a result of a new mutation in the affected individual. the mutation is rarely inherited from a parent.
how many people are affected by 22q11.2 deletion syndrome ? <sep> 22q11.2 deletion syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 4,000 people. however, the condition may actually be more common than this estimate because doctors and researchers suspect it is underdiagnosed due to its variable features. the condition may not be identified in people with mild signs and symptoms, or it may be mistaken for other disorders with overlapping features.
how many people are affected by congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis ? <sep> cipa is a rare condition; however, the prevalence is unknown.
what are the treatments for todd's paralysis ? <sep> there is no treatment for todd's paralysis. individuals must rest as comfortably as possible until the paralysis disappears.
how many people are affected by idiopathic inflammatory myopathy ? <sep> the incidence of idiopathic inflammatory myopathy is approximately 2 to 8 cases per million people each year. for unknown reasons, polymyositis and dermatomyositis are about twice as common in women as in men, while sporadic inclusion body myositis is more common in men.
is myopathy with deficiency of iron-sulfur cluster assembly enzyme inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is the outlook for ohtahara syndrome ? <sep> the course of ohtahara syndrome is severely progressive. seizures become more frequent, accompanied by delays in physical and cognitive development.some children will die in infancy; others will survive but be profoundly handicapped. as they grow, some children will progress into other epileptic disorders such as west syndrome and lennox-gestaut syndrome.
what is (are) parasites - enterobiasis (also known as pinworm infection) ? <sep> a pinworm ("threadworm") is a small, thin, white roundworm (nematode) called enterobius vermicularis that sometimes lives in the colon and rectum of humans. pinworms are about the length of a staple. while an infected person sleeps, female pinworms leave the intestine through the anus and deposit their eggs on the surrounding skin.
how many people are affected by nijmegen breakage syndrome ? <sep> the exact prevalence of nijmegen breakage syndrome is unknown. this condition is estimated to affect one in 100,000 newborns worldwide, but is thought to be most common in the slavic populations of eastern europe.
what are the treatments for lung cancer ? <sep> researchers continue to look at new ways to combine, schedule, and sequence the use of chemotherapy, surgery, and radiation to treat lung cancer. targeted therapy, using drugs that go directly to a gene mutation and repair or block the mutation from causing cancer, are the current gold standard for treating some types of lung cancer. get more information on current lung cancer research.
what are the treatments for la crosse encephalitis ? <sep> how might la crosse (lac) encephalitis be treated? there is no specific treatment for lac encephalitis. severe cases are treated with supportive therapy which may include hospitalization, respiratory support, iv fluids and prevention of other infections.[9633]
what are the treatments for hajdu-cheney syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of hajdu-cheney syndrome: - genetic testing registry: hajdu-cheney syndrome these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for paroxysmal choreoathetosis ? <sep> drug therapy, particularly carbamazepine, has been very successful in reducing or eliminating attacks of paroxysmal choreoathetosis. while carbamazepine is not effective in every case, other drugs have been substituted with good effect.
how many people are affected by hirschsprung disease ? <sep> hirschsprung disease occurs in approximately 1 in 5,000 newborns.
is isobutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> how is isobutyryl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency (ibd deficiency) inherited? ibd deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by sialuria ? <sep> fewer than 10 people worldwide have been diagnosed with sialuria. there are probably more people with the disorder who have not been diagnosed, as sialuria can be difficult to detect because of its variable features.
what are the treatments for congenital insensitivity to pain ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of congenital insensitivity to pain: - genetic testing registry: indifference to pain, congenital, autosomal recessive these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is primary myelofibrosis inherited ? <sep> this condition is generally not inherited but arises from gene mutations that occur in early blood-forming cells after conception. these alterations are called somatic mutations.
what is the outlook for cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome (cofs) ? <sep> cofs is a fatal disease. most children do not live beyond five years.
who is at risk for cardiogenic shock? ? <sep> the most common risk factor for cardiogenic shock is having a heart attack. if you've had a heart attack, the following factors can further increase your risk for cardiogenic shock: older age a history of heart attacks or heart failure coronary heart disease that affects all of the hearts major blood vessels high blood pressure diabetes women who have heart attacks are at higher risk for cardiogenic shock than men who have heart attacks.
how many people are affected by fraser syndrome ? <sep> fraser syndrome affects an estimated 1 in 200,000 newborns. the condition occurs in approximately 1 in 10,000 fetuses that do not survive to birth.
is biotinidase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the btd gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with biotinidase deficiency each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not have any health problems associated with the condition.
is vitiligo inherited ? <sep> vitiligo sometimes runs in families, but the inheritance pattern is complex since multiple causative factors are involved. about one-fifth of people with this condition have at least one close relative who is also affected.
what causes langerhans cell histiocytosis ? <sep> what causes langerhans cell histiocytosis? the cause of langerhans cell histiocytosis is unknown. it may be triggered by an unusual reaction of the immune system to something commonly found in the environment. it is not considered to be an infection or cancer. it is not known to be hereditary or communicable.
is spastic paraplegia type 11 inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for syncope ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) and other institutes of the national institutes of health (nih) conduct research related to syncope in laboratories at the nih and support additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent and treat syncope.
how many people are affected by pdgfra-associated chronic eosinophilic leukemia ? <sep> pdgfra-associated chronic eosinophilic leukemia is a rare condition; however, the exact prevalence is unknown.
is coats plus syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for holoprosencephaly ? <sep> the ninds supports and conducts a wide range of studies that focus on identifying and learning more about the factors involved in normal brain development. recent research has identified specific genes that cause holoprosencephaly. the knowledge gained from these fundamental studies provides the foundation for understanding how to develop new ways to treat, and potentially prevent, this disorder.
how many people are affected by spastic paraplegia type 3a ? <sep> spastic paraplegia type 3a belongs to a subgroup of hereditary spastic paraplegias known as autosomal dominant hereditary spastic paraplegia, which has an estimated prevalence of 2 to 9 per 100,000 individuals. spastic paraplegia type 3a accounts for 10 to 15 percent of all autosomal dominant hereditary spastic paraplegia cases.
is hereditary xanthinuria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for achromatopsia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of achromatopsia: - gene review: gene review: achromatopsia - genetic testing registry: achromatopsia - medlineplus encyclopedia: color vision test these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how to diagnose ehlers-danlos syndrome, dermatosparaxis type ? <sep> how is ehlers-danlos syndrome, dermatosparaxis type diagnosed? a diagnosis of ehlers-danlos syndrome (eds), dermatosparaxis type is typically based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. genetic testing for a change (mutation) in the adamts2 gene and/or a skin biopsy can then be ordered to confirm the diagnosis.
what are the treatments for trisomy 18 ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of trisomy 18: - genetic testing registry: complete trisomy 18 syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: trisomy 18 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for reticulohistiocytoma ? <sep> how might reticulohistiocytoma be treated? reticulohistiocytoma (rh) typically resolve spontaneously over a period of months to years; however, surgical excision usually results in a cure.
how many people are affected by gyrate atrophy of the choroid and retina ? <sep> more than 150 individuals with gyrate atrophy have been identified; approximately one third are from finland.
is aspartylglucosaminuria inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the symptoms of small intestine cancer ? <sep> signs and symptoms of small intestine cancer include unexplained weight loss and abdominal pain. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by small intestine cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - pain or cramps in the middle of the abdomen. - weight loss with no known reason. - a lump in the abdomen. - blood in the stool.
how to prevent proctitis ? <sep> people who receive anal sex can avoid getting std-related proctitis by having their partner use a condom. if anorectal trauma caused proctitis, stopping the activity that triggered inflammation often will stop the inflammation and prevent recurrence. other causes of proctitis cannot always be prevented. however, their symptoms can be treated by a doctor.
what are the treatments for klippel-trenaunay syndrome (kts) ? <sep> there is no cure for kts. treatment is symptomatic. laser surgery can diminish or erase some skin lesions. surgery may correct discrepancies in limb size, but orthopedic devices may be more appropriate.
what is (are) anxiety disorders ? <sep> anxiety disorders are a collection of disorders that include generalized anxiety disorder (gad), social phobia, and panic disorder.
what is (are) behr syndrome ? <sep> behr syndrome is a disorder mainly characterized by early-onset optic atrophy, ataxia, and spasticity. other signs and symptoms may be present and vary from person to person. although the exact cause is unknown, the syndrome is believed to be genetic and inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion, in most cases. autosomal dominant inheritance has been reported in one family. treatment depends on the specific signs and symptoms seen in the patient.
how many people are affected by hemorrhoids ? <sep> about 75 percent of people will have hemorrhoids at some point in their lives.1 hemorrhoids are most common among adults ages 45 to 65.2 hemorrhoids are also common in pregnant women.
what are the treatments for fragile x-associated primary ovarian insufficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fxpoi: - gene review: gene review: fmr1-related disorders - genetic testing registry: premature ovarian failure 1 these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by lymphedema-distichiasis syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of lymphedema-distichiasis syndrome is unknown. because the extra eyelashes can be overlooked during a medical examination, researchers believe that some people with this condition may be misdiagnosed as having lymphedema only.
what are the treatments for carpal tunnel syndrome ? <sep> initial treatment generally involves immobilizing the wrist in a splint, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs to temporarily reduce swelling, and injections of corticosteroid drugs (such as prednisone). for more severe cases, surgery may be recommended.
how many people are affected by alveolar capillary dysplasia with misalignment of pulmonary veins ? <sep> acd/mpv is a rare disorder; its incidence is unknown. approximately 200 infants with this disorder have been identified worldwide.
what are the treatments for lichen planus pigmentosus ? <sep> how might lichen planus pigmentosus be treated? treatment for lichen planus pigmentosus is generally symptomatic and may include: topical (applied to the skin) corticosteroids topical calcineurin inhibitors (medications that are typically used to treat eczema) skin lightening agents laser therapy
is adult-onset leukoencephalopathy with axonal spheroids and pigmented glia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what causes pineal cyst ? <sep> what causes pineal cysts? the exact cause of pineal cysts is unknown. however, some studies suggest that bleeding in the pineal region or hormonal influences may play a role in the development and progression of pineal cysts.
who is at risk for pericarditis? ? <sep> pericarditis occurs in people of all ages. however, men aged 20 to 50 are more likely to develop it than others. people who are treated for acute pericarditis may get it again. this may happen in 15 to 30 percent of people who have the condition. a small number of these people go on to develop chronic pericarditis.
what causes problems with taste ? <sep> the most common causes of taste disorders are medications, infections, head trauma, and dental problems. most people who have a problem with taste are taking certain medications or they have had a head or neck injury. gum disease, dry mouth, and dentures can contribute to taste problems, too. other causes are radiation therapy for head and neck cancers, smoking, and some surgeries.
how many people are affected by 8p11 myeloproliferative syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of 8p11 myeloproliferative syndrome is unknown. it is thought to be a rare condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for neurosyphilis ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke supports and conducts research on neurodegenerative disorders, such as neurosyphilis, in an effort to find ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure these disorders.
how many people are affected by mevalonate kinase deficiency ? <sep> more than 200 people with mevalonate kinase deficiency have been reported worldwide; the majority of these individuals have hids.
how many people are affected by 7q11.23 duplication syndrome ? <sep> the prevalence of this disorder is estimated to be 1 in 7,500 to 20,000 people.
how many people are affected by blau syndrome ? <sep> although blau syndrome appears to be uncommon, its prevalence is unknown.
what are the symptoms of laryngeal cancer ? <sep> signs and symptoms of laryngeal cancer include a sore throat and ear pain. these and other signs and symptoms may be caused by laryngeal cancer or by other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - a sore throat or cough that does not go away. - trouble or pain when swallowing. - ear pain. - a lump in the neck or throat. - a change or hoarseness in the voice.
is ohdo syndrome, say-barber-biesecker-young-simpson variant inherited ? <sep> this condition has an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. almost all reported cases have resulted from new mutations in the gene and have occurred in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for lissencephaly ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a wide range of studies that explore the complex systems of normal brain development, including neuronal migration. recent studies have identified genes that are responsible for lissencephaly. the knowledge gained from these studies provides the foundation for developing treatments and preventive measures for neuronal migration disorders.
is malignant hyperthermia inherited ? <sep> malignant hyperthermia susceptibility is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to increase the risk of a severe reaction to certain drugs used during surgery. in most cases, an affected person inherits the altered gene from a parent who is also at risk for the condition.
is cockayne syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what to do for what i need to know about hepatitis b ? <sep> if you have chronic hepatitis b, you should do things to take care of yourself, including eating a healthy diet. avoid drinking alcohol, which can harm the liver. talk with your doctor before taking vitamins and other supplements.
is familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. rarely, both copies of the gene are altered, leading to more severe signs and symptoms. in most cases, an affected person has one parent with the condition.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for hydranencephaly ? <sep> the ninds conducts and supports a wide range of studies that explore the complex mechanisms of normal brain development. the knowledge gained from these fundamental studies provides the foundation for understanding how this process can go awry and, thus, offers hope for new means to treat and prevent developmental brain disorders, including hydranencephaly.
what are the treatments for fish-eye disease ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of fish-eye disease: - genetic testing registry: fish-eye disease - medlineplus encyclopedia: corneal transplant - oregon health and science university: corneal dystrophy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what to do for chronic diarrhea in children ? <sep> a health care provider may recommend changing a childs diet to treat the cause of chronic diarrhea. making sure that children receive proper nutrition is important for growth and development. a childs parent or caretaker should talk with a health care provider about changing the childs diet to treat chronic diarrhea.
how many people are affected by short qt syndrome ? <sep> short qt syndrome appears to be rare. at least 70 cases have been identified worldwide since the condition was discovered in 2000. however, the condition may be underdiagnosed because some affected individuals never experience symptoms.
how many people are affected by cerebral autosomal dominant arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy ? <sep> cadasil is likely a rare condition; however, its prevalence is unknown.
what is (are) schilder's disease ? <sep> schilder's disease is a rare progressive demyelinating disorder which usually begins in childhood. schilder's disease is not the same as addison-schilder disease (adrenoleukodystrophy). symptoms may include dementia, aphasia, seizures, personality changes, poor attention, tremors, balance instability, incontinence, muscle weakness, headache, vomiting, and vision and speech impairment. the disorder is a variant of multiple sclerosis.
what is the outlook for wilson disease ? <sep> early onset of the disease may foretell a worse prognosis than later onset. if the disorder is detected early and treated appropriately, an individual with wd can usually enjoy normal health and a normal lifespan. if not treated, however, wd can cause brain damage, liver failure, and death. the disease requires lifelong treatment.
is pyle disease inherited ? <sep> is pyle disease inherited? pyle disease in inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they often don't have any signs and symptoms of the condition. some carriers (obligate heterozygotes) of pyle disease show minor skeletal changes.
how many people are affected by x-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenita ? <sep> x-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenita is estimated to affect 1 in 12,500 newborns.
how many people are affected by homocystinuria ? <sep> the most common form of homocystinuria affects at least 1 in 200,000 to 335,000 people worldwide. the disorder appears to be more common in some countries, such as ireland (1 in 65,000), germany (1 in 17,800), norway (1 in 6,400), and qatar (1 in 1,800). the rarer forms of homocystinuria each have a small number of cases reported in the scientific literature.
is chylomicron retention disease inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
how many people are affected by 3-methylcrotonyl-coa carboxylase deficiency ? <sep> this condition is detected in an estimated 1 in 36,000 newborns worldwide.
how to prevent omsk hemorrhagic fever (ohf) ? <sep> there is no vaccine currently available for ohf, but vaccines for tick-borne encephalitis disease (tbe) have been shown to confer some immunity and may be used for high-risk groups. additionally, utilizing insect repellents and wearing protective clothing in areas where ticks are endemic is recommended.
is familial hdl deficiency inherited ? <sep> familial hdl deficiency is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means an alteration in one copy of either the abca1 or the apoa1 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. people with alterations in both copies of the abca1 gene develop the related disorder tangier disease.
what causes dry eye ? <sep> if your eyes dont make enough tears it can cause dry eye. anything that changes the components of tears can cause dry eye. many factors can lead to dry eye, including aging, medications, problems with eyelid function, disease, some types of eye surgery, environmental factors, and allergies.
is succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what are the treatments for myoclonus-dystonia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of myoclonus-dystonia: - gene review: gene review: myoclonus-dystonia - genetic testing registry: myoclonic dystonia these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is spina bifida inherited ? <sep> most cases of spina bifida are sporadic, which means they occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family. a small percentage of cases have been reported to run in families; however, the condition does not have a clear pattern of inheritance. first-degree relatives (such as siblings and children) of people with spina bifida have an increased risk of the condition compared with people in the general population.
what are the treatments for isodicentric chromosome 15 syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of isodicentric chromosome 15 syndrome: - autism speaks: how is autism treated? these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is mucopolysaccharidosis type vi inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is multiple sclerosis inherited ? <sep> the inheritance pattern of multiple sclerosis is unknown, although the condition does appear to be passed down through generations in families. the risk of developing multiple sclerosis is higher for siblings or children of a person with the condition than for the general population.
is carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is jones syndrome inherited ? <sep> how is jones syndrome inherited? jones syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. this means that having only one changed (mutated) copy of the responsible gene in each cell is enough to cause signs or symptoms of the condition. when a person with an autosomal dominant condition has children, each child has a 50% (1 in 2) risk to inherit the mutated copy of the gene from the affected parent.
how many people are affected by hand-foot-genital syndrome ? <sep> hand-foot-genital syndrome is very rare; only a few families with the condition have been reported worldwide.
what is (are) geroderma osteodysplastica ? <sep> geroderma osteodysplastica is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by lax, wrinkled skin, loose joints and a typical face with a prematurely aged appearance. skeletal signs include severe osteoporosis leading to frequent fractures, malar and mandibular hypoplasia (underdeveloped cheekbones and jaw) and a variable degree of growth deficiency. this condition is caused by mutations in the gorab gene.
how many people are affected by hypermethioninemia ? <sep> primary hypermethioninemia that is not caused by other disorders or excess methionine intake appears to be rare; only a small number of cases have been reported. the actual incidence is difficult to determine, however, since many individuals with hypermethioninemia have no symptoms.
what are the symptoms of arrhythmia ? <sep> many arrhythmias cause no signs or symptoms. when signs or symptoms are present, the most common ones are: palpitations (feelings that your heart is skipping a beat, fluttering, or beating too hard or fast) a slow heartbeat an irregular heartbeat feeling pauses between heartbeats more serious signs and symptoms include: anxiety weakness, dizziness, and light-headedness fainting or nearly fainting sweating shortness of breath chest pain
how to diagnose basilar migraine ? <sep> how is a basilar migraine diagnosed? a diagnosis of basilar migraine is made based on the presence of characteristic signs and symptoms. although there are no tests available to confirm the diagnosis, additional testing may be ordered to rule out other conditions that can cause similar features. these tests may include: brain mri mr angiogram (mra) electroencephalogram 24-hour heart monitor specialized blood tests
what are the symptoms of congenital laryngeal palsy ? <sep> what are the signs and symptoms associated with congenital laryngeal paralysis? the following online resources provide information on the signs and symptoms of congenital laryngeal paralysis: national institute on deafness and other communication disorders- vocal fold paralysis medscape reference - congenital malformations of the larynx
how many people are affected by erythrokeratodermia variabilis et progressiva ? <sep> ekvp is a rare disorder; its prevalence is unknown.
how many people are affected by autosomal recessive congenital methemoglobinemia ? <sep> the incidence of autosomal recessive congenital methemoglobinemia is unknown.
what are the symptoms of abdominal adhesions ? <sep> in most cases, abdominal adhesions do not cause symptoms. when symptoms are present, chronic abdominal pain is the most common.
is aniridia inherited ? <sep> aniridia is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in approximately two-thirds of cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. the remaining one-third of cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
what is (are) myoepithelial carcinoma ? <sep> myoepithelial carcinoma is a rare malignant tumor that usually occurs in the salivary glands but can also occur in skin and soft tissues. the name of this cancer comes from the appearance of the tumor cells under the microscope. approximately 66% of these tumors occur in the parotid gland. the average age of patients is reported to be 55 years.
what are the treatments for aromatase deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of aromatase deficiency: - genetic testing registry: aromatase deficiency - medlineplus encyclopedia: ovarian overproduction of androgens these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is polycystic lipomembranous osteodysplasia with sclerosing leukoencephalopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
is hereditary multiple osteochondromas inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder.
how many people are affected by severe congenital neutropenia ? <sep> the incidence of severe congenital neutropenia is estimated to be 1 in 200,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by syngap1-related intellectual disability ? <sep> syngap1-related intellectual disability is a relatively common form of cognitive impairment. it is estimated to account for 1 to 2 percent of intellectual disability cases.
what are the treatments for mandibuloacral dysplasia ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of mandibuloacral dysplasia: - genetic testing registry: mandibuloacral dysostosis - genetic testing registry: mandibuloacral dysplasia with type b lipodystrophy these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is ewing sarcoma inherited ? <sep> this condition is generally not inherited but arises from a mutation in the body's cells that occurs after conception. this alteration is called a somatic mutation.
how many people are affected by popliteal pterygium syndrome ? <sep> popliteal pterygium syndrome is a rare condition, occurring in approximately 1 in 300,000 individuals.
what are the treatments for sialadenitis ? <sep> how might sialadenitis be treated? the initial treatment for sialadenitis is antibiotics active against s. aureus. hydration, ingesting things that trigger saliva flow (such as lemon juice or hard candy), warm compresses, gland massage, and good oral hygiene are also important. abscesses need to be drained. occasionally, in cases of chronic or relapsing sialadenitis, a superficial parotidectomy or submandibular gland excision is needed.
how many people are affected by nemaline myopathy ? <sep> nemaline myopathy has an estimated incidence of 1 in 50,000 individuals.
how many people are affected by primary carnitine deficiency ? <sep> the incidence of primary carnitine deficiency in the general population is approximately 1 in 100,000 newborns. in japan, this disorder affects 1 in every 40,000 newborns.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for wallenberg's syndrome ? <sep> the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds) conducts research related to wallenbergs syndrome in its laboratories at the national institutes of health (nih), and also supports additional research through grants to major medical institutions across the country. much of this research focuses on finding better ways to prevent, treat, and ultimately cure disorders such as wallenbergs syndrome.
what causes behr syndrome ? <sep> what causes behr syndrome? the exact cause of behr syndrome is not known; however, a genetic cause is suspected based on the families identified, thus far.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for joubert syndrome ? <sep> the ninds supports research on the development of the nervous system and the cerebellum. this research is critical for increasing our understanding of joubert syndrome, and for developing methods of treatment and prevention. ninds, in conjunction with the nih office of rare disorders, sponsored a symposium on joubert syndrome in 2002. research priorities for the disorder were outlined at this meeting.
what is (are) leprechaunism ? <sep> leprechaunism is a congenital (present from birth) condition characterized by extreme insulin resistance, pre- and postnatal growth delays, characteristic facial features, skin abnormalities, muscular hypotrophy (reduced muscle mass) and enlarged external genitalia in both males and females. the condition is caused by mutations in the insulin receptor gene (insr) gene. it is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner.
what are the symptoms of thymoma and thymic carcinoma ? <sep> signs and symptoms of thymoma and thymic carcinoma include a cough and chest pain. thymoma and thymic carcinoma may not cause early signs or symptoms. the cancer may be found during a routine chest x-ray. signs and symptoms may be caused by thymoma, thymic carcinoma, or other conditions. check with your doctor if you have any of the following: - a cough that doesn't go away. - chest pain. - trouble breathing.
is imerslund-grsbeck syndrome inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but they typically do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.
what is (are) hemangiopericytoma ? <sep> hemangiopericytoma is a term used to described a group of tumors that are derived from pericytes, the cells normally arranged along specific types of blood vessels called capillaries and venules. these types of tumors are typically slow-growing, may be either benign (non-cancerous) or malignant (cancerous), and may occur anywhere in the body.
how to diagnose axenfeld-rieger syndrome type 1 ? <sep> is genetic testing available for axenfeld rieger syndrome? the genetic testing registry (gtr) is a central online resource for information about genetic tests. the intended audience for the gtr is health care providers and researchers. patients and consumers with specific questions about a genetic test should contact a health care provider or a genetics professional. to view the clinical laboratories conducting testing click here.
what are the treatments for acral peeling skin syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of acral peeling skin syndrome: - birmingham children's hospital, national health service (uk) - genetic testing registry: peeling skin syndrome, acral type these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
is episodic ataxia inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in some cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. other cases result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how many people are affected by fanconi anemia ? <sep> fanconi anemia occurs in 1 in 160,000 individuals worldwide. this condition is more common among people of ashkenazi jewish descent, the roma population of spain, and black south africans.
what research (or clinical trials) is being done for hereditary neuropathies ? <sep> the ninds supports research on neuromuscular disorders, such as hereditary neuropathies, aimed at learning more about these disorders and finding ways to prevent and treat them.
is cerebral autosomal dominant arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy inherited ? <sep> this condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern, which means one copy of the altered notch3 gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. in most cases, an affected person inherits the mutation from one affected parent. a few rare cases may result from new mutations in the notch3 gene. these cases occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.
how to diagnose lemierre syndrome ? <sep> how is lemierre syndrome diagnosed? after performing blood cultures and complete blood counts, contrast computed tomography (ct) of the neck provides the definitive diagnosis. ultrasound can also confirm internal jugular vein thrombosis.
how many people are affected by familial isolated hyperparathyroidism ? <sep> the prevalence of familial isolated hyperparathyroidism is unknown.
how many people are affected by pulmonary veno-occlusive disease ? <sep> the exact prevalence of pvod is unknown. many cases are likely misdiagnosed as idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension, which is increased blood pressure in the pulmonary arteries without a known cause. research suggests that 5 to 25 percent of people diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension have pvod. based on these numbers, pvod is thought to affect an estimated 1 to 2 per 10 million people.
how many people are affected by familial dysautonomia ? <sep> familial dysautonomia occurs primarily in people of ashkenazi (central or eastern european) jewish descent. it affects about 1 in 3,700 individuals in ashkenazi jewish populations. familial dysautonomia is extremely rare in the general population.
how to diagnose treatment methods for kidney failure: hemodialysis ? <sep> about once a month, your dialysis care team will test your blood by using one of two formulasurr or kt/vto see whether your treatments are removing enough wastes. both tests look at one specific waste product, called blood urea nitrogen (bun), as an indicator for the overall level of waste products in your system. for more information about these measurements, see the niddk fact sheet hemodialysis dose and adequacy.
what are the treatments for bloom syndrome ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of bloom syndrome: - gene review: gene review: bloom's syndrome - genetic testing registry: bloom syndrome - medlineplus encyclopedia: short stature these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
what are the treatments for prekallikrein deficiency ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of prekallikrein deficiency: - genetic testing registry: prekallikrein deficiency - massachusetts general hospital laboratory handbook: prekallikrein these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by cystic fibrosis ? <sep> cystic fibrosis is a common genetic disease within the white population in the united states. the disease occurs in 1 in 2,500 to 3,500 white newborns. cystic fibrosis is less common in other ethnic groups, affecting about 1 in 17,000 african americans and 1 in 31,000 asian americans.
who is at risk for narcolepsy? ? <sep> narcolepsy affects men and women. symptoms usually begin during the teen or young adult years. the disorder also can develop later in life or in children, but it's rare before age 5. researchers think that certain factors may work together to cause narcolepsy. if these factors affect you, you may be at higher risk for the disorder. (for more information, go to "what causes narcolepsy?")
what are the treatments for harlequin ichthyosis ? <sep> these resources address the diagnosis or management of harlequin ichthyosis: - gene review: gene review: autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis - genetic testing registry: autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 4b these resources from medlineplus offer information about the diagnosis and management of various health conditions: - diagnostic tests - drug therapy - surgery and rehabilitation - genetic counseling - palliative care
how many people are affected by chediak-higashi syndrome ? <sep> chediak-higashi syndrome is a rare disorder. about 200 cases of the condition have been reported worldwide.
how many people are affected by giant congenital melanocytic nevus ? <sep> giant congenital melanocytic nevus occurs in approximately 1 in 20,000 newborns worldwide.
what is the outlook for multiple system atrophy ? <sep> the disease tends to advance rapidly over the course of 5 to 10 years, with progressive loss of motor skills, eventual confinement to bed, and death. there is no remission from the disease. there is currently no cure.
is actin-accumulation myopathy inherited ? <sep> actin-accumulation myopathy is an autosomal dominant condition, which means one copy of the altered gene in each cell is sufficient to cause the disorder. most cases are not inherited; they result from new mutations in the gene and occur in people with no history of the disorder in their family.